UT 292
AR Heydari S, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25103191
TI Tiny Machine Learning and On-Device Inference: A Survey of Applications,
   Challenges, and Future Directions
AU Heydari S; Mahmoud QH
TC 45
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB The growth in artificial intelligence and its applications has led to
   increased data processing and inference requirements.  Traditional cloud-
   based inference solutions are often used but may prove inadequate for
   applications requiring near-instantaneous response times.  This review
   examines Tiny Machine Learning, also known as TinyML, as an alternative to
   cloud-based inference.  The review focuses on applications where
   transmission delays make traditional Internet of Things (IoT) approaches
   impractical, thus necessitating a solution that uses TinyML and on-device
   inference.  This study, which follows the PRISMA guidelines, covers TinyML’s
   use cases for real-world applications by analyzing experimental studies and
   synthesizing current research on the characteristics of TinyML experiments,
   such as machine learning techniques and the hardware used for experiments.
   This review identifies existing gaps in research as well as the means to
   address these gaps.  The review findings suggest that TinyML has a strong
   record of real-world usability and offers advantages over cloud-based
   inference, particularly in environments with bandwidth constraints and use
   cases that require rapid response times.  This review discusses the
   implications of TinyML’s experimental performance for future research on
   TinyML applications.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge ai; edge computing; embedded ml; embedded systems; iot; resource-
   constrained devices; sensors; tinyml
ID data integration; data streams; sorting; cloud-based; edge ai; edge
   computing; embedded ml; embedded-system; its applications; machine learning;
   real-world; resource-constrained devices; tinyml; artificial intelligence;
   bandwidth; cloud computing; data processing; experimental study; human;
   internet of things; machine learning; nonhuman; preferred reporting items
   for systematic reviews and meta-analyses; reaction time; review; sensor;
   data reduction

---

UT 332
AR Lamaakal I, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P32419, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3565688
TI A Comprehensive Survey on Tiny Machine Learning for Human Behavior Analysis
AU Lamaakal I; Essahraui S; Maleh Y; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Bouami MF; Abd
   El-Latif AA; Almousa M; Peng J; Niyato D
TC 35
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB The integration of tiny machine learning (TinyML) with human behavior
   analysis (HBA) represents a significant advancement in the field of
   artificial intelligence (AI), enabling real-time, efficient, and privacy-
   preserving analysis on resource-constrained devices.  This article provides
   the first comprehensive survey exploring this integration, presenting a
   detailed overview of TinyML, including its definitions, key concepts, and
   advantages.  The survey proposes a systematic taxonomy of TinyML
   applications in HBA, categorizing state-of-the-art implementations based on
   their use cases and specific methodologies.  Furthermore, the challenges and
   limitations of integrating TinyML in HBA are thoroughly discussed, including
   technical constraints, data quality issues, and ethical considerations.
   Finally, future research directions and open issues are outlined,
   emphasizing the potential advancements and emerging trends in this field.
   This survey serves as a foundational resource, guiding researchers and
   practitioners in harnessing the capabilities of TinyML to advance HBA. ©
   2014 IEEE.
DE constrained devices; edge artificial intelligence ( ai ); embedded systems;
   human behavior analysis ( hba ); internet of things ( iot ); tiny machine
   learning ( tinyml )
ID human engineering; constrained devices; edge artificial intelligence;
   embedded-system; human behavior analysis; machine learning; privacy-
   preserving; real- time; resource-constrained devices; time-efficient; tiny
   machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 341
AR Zeynali M, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-024-84265-8
TI Non-invasive blood glucose monitoring using PPG signals with various deep
   learning models and implementation using TinyML
AU Zeynali M; Alipour K; Tarvirdizadeh B; Ghamari M
TC 33
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Accurate and continuous blood glucose monitoring is essential for effective
   diabetes management, yet traditional finger pricking methods are often
   inconvenient and painful.  To address this issue, photoplethysmography (PPG)
   presents a promising non-invasive alternative for estimating blood glucose
   levels.  In this study, we propose an innovative 1-second signal
   segmentation method and evaluate the performance of three advanced deep
   learning models using a novel dataset to estimate blood glucose levels from
   PPG signals.  We also extend our testing to additional datasets to assess
   the robustness of our models against unseen distributions, thereby providing
   a comprehensive evaluation of the models’ generalizability and specificity
   and accuracy.  Initially, we analyzed 10-second PPG segments; however, our
   newly developed 1-second signal segmentation technique proved to
   significantly enhance accuracy and computational efficiency.  The selected
   model, after being optimized and deployed on an embedded device, achieved
   immediate blood glucose estimation with a processing time of just 6.4
   seconds, demonstrating the method’s practical applicability.  The method
   demonstrated strong generalizability across different populations.  Training
   data was collected during surgery and anesthesia, and the method also
   performed successfully in normal states using a separate test dataset.  The
   results showed an average root mean squared error (RMSE) of 19.7 mg/dL, with
   76.6% accuracy within the A zone and 23.4% accuracy within the B zone of the
   Clarke Error Grid Analysis (CEGA), indicating a 100% clinical acceptance.
   These findings demonstrate that blood glucose estimation using 1-second PPG
   signal segments not only outperforms the traditional 10-second segments, but
   also provides a more convenient and accurate alternative to conventional
   monitoring methods.  The study’s results highlight the potential of this
   approach for non-invasive, accurate, and convenient diabetes management,
   ultimately offering improved health management.  © The Author(s) 2024.
DE blood glucose level estimation; deep learning; photoplethysmography; resnet;
   tinyml
ID adult; aged; blood glucose; blood glucose self-monitoring; deep learning;
   female; humans; male; middle aged; photoplethysmography; signal processing
   computer-assisted; young adult; adult; aged; deep learning; female; glucose
   blood level; human; male; middle aged; photoelectric plethysmography;
   procedures; self-monitoring blood glucose; signal processing; young adult

---

UT 403
AR Katib I, 2025, AIN SHAMS ENG J, V16, DOI 10.1016/j.asej.2025.103281
TI Safeguarding IoT consumer devices: Deep learning with TinyML driven real-
   time anomaly detection for predictive maintenance
AU Katib I; Albassam E; Sharaf SA; Ragab M
TC 30
SO AIN SHAMS ENG J
PY 2025
AB Internet of Things (IoT) security is paramount for enterprises, as it
   includes several strategies, techniques, actions, and protocols that aim to
   alleviate the high vulnerability of cutting-edge businesses.  IoT consumer
   devices, from smart home appliances to wearable gadgets, have become
   ubiquitous daily, facilitating automation and seamless connectivity.
   However, ensuring their reliability and security presents a tremendous
   challenge.  Anomaly detection methods offer a promising solution, especially
   those powered by TinyML (Machine Learning (ML) on Tiny Devices). These IoT
   devices can autonomously identify unusual behaviours or patterns that
   diverge from regular operation by leveraging the proficiencies of deep
   learning (DL) techniques enhanced for resource-constraint environments, like
   neural networks.  Incorporating DL, anomaly detection, and TinyML allows
   real-time monitoring and proactive mitigation of malfunctions or security
   breaches in IoT devices.  This advanced technology ensures improved
   reliability, privacy, and overall user experience in the dynamic landscape
   of connected devices, whether identifying irregular health data or detecting
   unauthorized access attempts on a smart door lock from the wearable fitness
   tracker.  Therefore, this study develops a new Deep Learning technique to
   secure IoT consumer devices with TinyML Driven Real-time Anomaly Detection
   for Predictive Maintenance (DLTML-RTADPM). The DLTML-RTADPM technique aims
   to recognize and categorize the anomalies in IoT consumer devices.  At the
   primary phase, the DLTML-RTADPM model normalizes the input data using
   Z-score normalization.  In the DLTML-RTADPM method, the Fennec Fox
   Optimization Algorithm (FFA) is used for a high dimensionality reduction
   process where the optimal feature set is chosen.  The DLTML-RTADPM technique
   implements gradient least mean squares with a bidirectional long short-term
   memory (GLMS-BiLSTM) approach for anomaly detection.  To further improve the
   detection results of the DLTML-RTADPM technique, the Jaya optimization
   algorithm (JOA)-based hyperparameter tuning process is utilized.  A series
   of simulations are performed on the benchmark dataset to ensure better
   detection outcomes of the DLTML-RTADPM model.  The investigational
   validation of the DLTML-RTADPM method portrayed a superior accuracy value of
   98.11% over other techniques.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE anomaly detection; deep learning; feature selection; internet of things;
   jaya optimization algorithm; tinyml
ID benchmarking; linear programming; locks ( fasteners ); mhealth; normal
   distribution; patient treatment; polynomial regression; risk analysis; risk
   assessment; risk perception; turbodrills; wearable technology; anomaly
   detection; consumer devices; deep learning; features selection; jaya
   optimization algorithm; learning techniques; optimization algorithms;
   predictive maintenance; real-time anomaly detections; tinyml; domestic
   appliances

---

UT 97
AR Zhou H, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-98571-2
TI Efficient human activity recognition on edge devices using DeepConv LSTM
   architectures
AU Zhou H; Zhang X; Feng Y; Zhang T/1; Xiong L
TC 29
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Driven by the rapid development of the Internet of Things (IoT), deploying
   deep learning models on resource-constrained hardware has become an
   increasingly critical challenge, which has propelled the emergence of TinyML
   as a viable solution.  This study aims to deploy lightweight deep learning
   models for human activity recognition (HAR) using TinyML on edge devices.
   We designed and evaluated three models: a 2D Convolutional Neural Network
   (2D CNN), a 1D Convolutional Neural Network (1D CNN), and a DeepConv LSTM.
   Among these, the DeepConv LSTM outperformed existing lightweight models by
   effectively capturing both spatial and temporal features, achieving an
   accuracy of 98.24% and an F1 score of 98.23%. After performing full integer
   quantization on the best model, its size was reduced from 513.23 KB to
   136.51 KB and was successfully deployed on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
   Rev2 using the Edge Impulse platform.  The device’s memory usage was 29.1
   KB, flash usage was 189.6 KB, and the model’s average inference time was 21
   milliseconds, requiring approximately 0.01395 GOP, with a computational
   performance of around 0.664 GOPS. Even after quantization, the model
   maintained an accuracy of 97% and an F1 score of 97%, ensuring efficient
   utilization of computational resources.  This deployment highlights the
   potential of TinyML in achieving low-latency and efficient HAR systems,
   making it suitable for real-time human activity recognition applications.  ©
   The Author(s) 2025.
DE deep learning; edge computing; human activity recognition; iot; model
   quantization; tinyml
ID deep learning; human activities; humans; internet of things; neural networks
   computer; artificial neural network; deep learning; human; human activities;
   internet of things

---

UT 401
AR Suwannaphong T, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-94205-9
TI Optimising TinyML with quantization and distillation of transformer and
   mamba models for indoor localisation on edge devices
AU Suwannaphong T; Jovan F; Craddock I; McConville R
TC 25
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes small and efficient machine learning models (TinyML) for
   resource-constrained edge devices, specifically for on-device indoor
   localisation.  Typical approaches for indoor localisation rely on
   centralised remote processing of data transmitted from lower powered devices
   such as wearables.  However, there are several benefits for moving this to
   the edge device itself, including increased battery life, enhanced privacy,
   reduced latency and lowered operational costs, all of which are key for
   common applications such as health monitoring.  The work focuses on model
   compression techniques, including quantization and knowledge distillation,
   to significantly reduce the model size while maintaining high predictive
   performance.  We base our work on a large state-of-the-art transformer-based
   model and seek to deploy it within low-power MCUs.  We also propose a state-
   space-based architecture using Mamba as a more compact alternative to the
   transformer.  Our results show that the quantized transformer model performs
   well within a 64 KB RAM constraint, achieving an effective balance between
   model size and localisation precision.  Additionally, the compact Mamba
   model has strong performance under even tighter constraints, such as a 32 KB
   of RAM, without the need for model compression, making it a viable option
   for more resource-limited environments.  We demonstrate that, through our
   framework, it is feasible to deploy advanced indoor localisation models onto
   low-power MCUs with restricted memory limitations.  The application of these
   TinyML models in healthcare has the potential to revolutionize patient
   monitoring by providing accurate, real-time location data while minimising
   power consumption, increasing data privacy, improving latency and reducing
   infrastructure costs.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE indoor localization; iot; tinyml
ID article; compression; data privacy; distillation; health survey; human;
   infrastructure; machine learning; microcatheter; patient monitoring;
   privacy; quantization; resource-limited setting; wearable device

---

UT 189
AR Chang Y-H, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25061656
TI Design and Implementation of ESP32-Based Edge Computing for Object Detection
AU Chang Y-H; Wu F-C; Lin H-W
TC 23
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB This paper explores the application of the ESP32 microcontroller in edge
   computing, focusing on the design and implementation of an edge server
   system to evaluate performance improvements achieved by integrating edge and
   cloud computing.  Responding to the growing need to reduce cloud burdens and
   latency, this research develops an edge server, detailing the ESP32 hardware
   architecture, software environment, communication protocols, and server
   framework.  A complementary cloud server software framework is also designed
   to support edge processing.  A deep learning model for object recognition is
   selected, trained, and deployed on the edge server.  Performance evaluation
   metrics, classification time, MQTT (Message Queuing Telemetry Transport)
   transmission time, and data from various MQTT brokers are used to assess
   system performance, with particular attention to the impact of image size
   adjustments.  Experimental results demonstrate that the edge server
   significantly reduces bandwidth usage and latency, effectively alleviating
   the load on the cloud server.  This study discusses the system’s strengths
   and limitations, interprets experimental findings, and suggests potential
   improvements and future applications.  By integrating AI and IoT, the edge
   server design and object recognition system demonstrates the benefits of
   localized edge processing in enhancing efficiency and reducing cloud
   dependency.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge computing; esp32; object detection; tiny machine learning
ID cloud platforms; deep learning; digital storage; mobile edge computing;
   cloud servers; design and implementations; edge computing; edge server;
   esp32; machine learning; objects detection; performance; server system; tiny
   machine learning; article; bandwidth; benchmarking; classification; cloud
   computing; communication protocol; controlled study; deep learning;
   diagnosis; drug development; electric potential; human; machine learning;
   software; telemetry

---

UT 150
AR Bakirci M, 2025, ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL, V159, DOI
   10.1016/j.engappai.2025.111775
TI Performance evaluation of low-power and lightweight object detectors for
   real-time monitoring in resource-constrained drone systems
AU Bakirci M
TC 20
SO ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL
PY 2025
AB The integration of drones in intelligent systems has gained significant
   traction, particularly in real-time aerial monitoring and object detection
   applications.  However, deploying advanced artificial intelligence models on
   edge devices such as drones platforms remains challenging due to limited
   computing resources and power constraints.  This study evaluates the
   suitability of several cutting-edge You Only Look Once (YOLO) variants,
   specifically versions 9-tiny, 10-nano, and 10-small, alongside version
   7-tiny for real-time object detection on resource-limited platforms.  Using
   a Jetson Xavier-equipped drone, the study focuses on achieving a balance
   between speed, accuracy, and efficient resource utilization in dynamic
   environments.  The low-power consumption and minimal latency properties of
   the models were investigated considering tiny machine-learning (TinyML)
   principles, ensuring their suitability for intelligent edge computing
   systems.  Key performance metrics, including inference time, average
   precision, graphics processing unit (GPU) usage, and power consumption, were
   analyzed in detail.  YOLO version 10-nano, optimized for TinyML deployment,
   with an inference time of 10.34 ms, a mean average precision (mAP) of 0.657,
   and moderate GPU usage, achieved an optimal balance of detection speed,
   accuracy, and energy efficiency, making it highly suitable for drone-based
   autonomous systems requiring rapid decision-making.  YOLO version 9-tiny,
   with an inference time of 13.55 ms and a mAP of 0.688, also demonstrated
   strong potential for real-time, time-sensitive applications, though with
   slightly higher GPU usage and power consumption.  In contrast, YOLO version
   10-small, while achieving the highest mAP of 0.77, showed elevated power
   requirements and GPU utilization, indicating its use in scenarios
   prioritizing accuracy over power efficiency.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE drone; edge computing; intelligent autonomous systems; tiny machine
   learning; you only look once
ID aircraft detection; antennas; computer graphics; decision making; edge
   computing; edge detection; electric power utilization; energy efficiency;
   fighter aircraft; graphics processing unit; green computing; intelligent
   computing; intelligent systems; learning systems; machine learning; object
   detection; object recognition; program processors; real-time systems; edge
   computing; graphics processing; intelligent autonomous systems; machine
   learning; objects detection; processing units; real- time; speed accuracy;
   tiny machine learning; you only look once; drones

---

UT 466
AR Zhang Y/4, 2025, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V74, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2025.3577849
TI On-Device Fault Diagnosis With Augmented Acoustic Emission Data: A Case
   Study on Carbon Fiber Panels
AU Zhang Y/4; Pullin R; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 20
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2025
AB Acoustic emission (AE)-based fault diagnosis in structural health monitoring
   (SHM) systems faces challenges of data scarcity and model overfitting due to
   the complexity of AE data acquisition and the high cost of labeling.  To
   address these issues, this study systematically explores various data
   augmentation techniques for AE signal processing and evaluates their impact
   on model robustness and accuracy.  Furthermore, given the complexity of
   traditional machine learning (ML) models and their deployment challenges on
   resource-constrained embedded devices, we investigate lightweight ML
   algorithms and propose a Tiny ML (TinyML)-based fault diagnosis approach.
   Experimental validation on a carbon fiber panel fault diagnosis case
   demonstrates that the proposed method significantly improves classification
   performance under data-scarce conditions while enabling real-time fault
   diagnosis on embedded systems.  These findings underscore the potential of
   integrating data augmentation, lightweight ML algorithms, and TinyML to
   enhance both diagnostic accuracy and real-time performance in SHM
   applications.  © 1963-2012 IEEE.
DE acoustic emission ( ae ); data augmentation; embedded devices; fault
   diagnosis; nondestructive testing; real-time measurement; structural health
   monitoring ( shm ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID bridge decks; carbon fibers; classification ( of information ); data
   accuracy; data acquisition; data handling; electric fault currents; embedded
   systems; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; real-time
   systems; signal processing; structural health monitoring; acoustic-
   emissions; data augmentation; embedded device; faults diagnosis; health
   monitoring; machine learning; nondestructive testing; real-time
   measurements; structural health; tiny machine learning; failure analysis;
   fault detection; nondestructive examination

---

UT 41
AR Chen X/1, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P303, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3513331
TI A NAS-Based TinyML for Secure Authentication Detection on SAGVN-Enabled
   Consumer Edge Devices
AU Chen X/1; Zhang S; Li Q; Zhu F; Feng A; Nkenyereye L; Rani S
TC 19
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB Traditional authentication methods utilize a uniform model to verify all
   users, which has been proven to be ineffective for the authentication on
   consumer edge devices of space-air-ground integrated vehicular networks
   (SAGVN). On the other hand, consumer edge devices in SAGVN have limited
   resources to load large models for authentication.  In order to handle these
   issues, this paper proposes a Neural Architecture Search-Tiny Machine
   Learning (NAS-TinyML) method for authentication on SAGVN-enabled consumer
   edge devices.  The NAS-TinyML integrates a feature extraction module derived
   from NAS and a classification module constructed using Spiking Recurrent
   Neural Networks (SRNN). It can combine the flexible architecture search
   capability of NAS, the robustness of SRNN in handling time-series data, and
   a macro-level search mechanism to enhance model search efficiency.  The
   validation on various scenario datasets shows that NAS-TinyML is superior to
   several state-of-the-art methods, including GeneticNAS, Drnas, NASP,
   NetAdapt, SMASH, and SNAS. Furthermore, the deployment of pre-trained NAS-
   TinyML on different consumer edge devices demonstrates its effectiveness.  ©
   1975-2011 IEEE.
DE biometric authentication; consumer edge devices; neural architecture search;
   secure authentication; tiny machine learning
ID recurrent neural networks; air grounds; biometric authentication; consumer
   edge device; machine learning; neural architecture search; neural
   architectures; neural networks; secure authentications; tiny machine
   learning; vehicular networks; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 441
AR Zhang Y/4, 2025, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC62753.2025.11078998
TI Survey of Quantization Techniques for On-Device Vision-based Crack Detection
AU Zhang Y/4; Martinez-Rau LS; Vu QNP; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 18
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2025
AB Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) ensures the safety and longevity of
   infrastructure by enabling timely damage detection.  Vision-based crack
   detection, combined with UAVs, addresses the limitations of traditional
   sensor-based SHM methods but requires the deployment of efficient deep
   learning models on resource-constrained devices.  This study evaluates two
   lightweight convolutional neural network models, MobileNetV1x0.25 and
   MobileNetV2x0.5, across TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Open Neural Network
   Exchange platforms using three quantization techniques: dynamic
   quantization, post-training quantization (PTQ), and quantization-aware
   training (QAT). Results show that QAT consistently achieves near-floating-
   point accuracy, such as an F1-score of 0.8376 for MBNV2x0.5 with Torch-QAT,
   while maintaining efficient resource usage.  PTQ significantly reduces
   memory and energy consumption but suffers from accuracy loss, particularly
   in TensorFlow.  Dynamic quantization preserves accuracy but faces deployment
   challenges on PyTorch.  By leveraging QAT, this work enables real-time, low-
   power crack detection on UAVs, enhancing safety, scalability, and cost-
   efficiency in SHM applications, while providing insights into balancing
   accuracy and efficiency across different platforms for autonomous
   inspections.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE crack detection; quantization techniques; real-time measurement; structural
   health monitoring; tinyml
ID computer vision; convolutional neural networks; cost effectiveness; damage
   detection; deep learning; energy utilization; learning systems; structural
   health monitoring; dynamic quantization; health monitoring; health
   monitoring method; learning models; quantization; quantization technique;
   real-time measurements; structural health; tinyml; vision-based; crack
   detection

---

UT 463
AR Hizem M, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25082496
TI Reliable ECG Anomaly Detection on Edge Devices for Internet of Medical
   Things Applications
AU Hizem M; Bousbia L; Dhiab YB; Aoueileyine MO-E; Bouallegue R
TC 18
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB The advent of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has unlocked the potential to
   deploy machine learning models on resource-constrained edge devices,
   revolutionizing real-time monitoring in Internet of Medical Things (IoMT)
   applications.  This study introduces a novel approach to real-time
   electrocardiogram (ECG) anomaly detection by integrating TinyML with edge
   Artificial Intelligence (AI) on low-power embedded systems.  We demonstrate
   the feasibility and effectiveness of deploying optimized models on edge
   devices, such as the Raspberry Pi and Arduino, to detect ECG anomalies,
   including arrhythmias.  The proposed workflow encompasses data
   preprocessing, feature extraction, and model inference, all executed
   directly on the edge device, eliminating the need for cloud resources.  To
   address the constraints of memory and power consumption in wearable devices,
   we applied advanced optimization techniques, including model pruning and
   quantization, achieving an optimal balance between accuracy and resource
   utilization.  The optimized model achieved an accuracy of 92.3% while
   reducing the power consumption to 0.024 mW, enabling continuous, long-term
   health monitoring with minimal energy requirements.  This work highlights
   the potential of TinyML to advance edge AI for real-time medical
   applications.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE anomaly detection; ecg; edge ai; embedded systems; iomt; low power; tinyml
ID algorithms; arrhythmias cardiac; artificial intelligence;
   electrocardiography; humans; internet of things; machine learning; signal
   processing computer-assisted; wearable electronic devices; computer aided
   diagnosis; computer aided engineering; education computing; intelligent
   systems; machine learning; medical computing; natural sciences computing;
   pattern recognition; personal computing; anomaly detection; edge artificial
   intelligence; embedded-system; internet of medical thing; low power; machine
   learning models; machine learning; optimized models; power; tiny machine
   learning; algorithm; artificial intelligence; diagnosis;
   electrocardiography; heart arrhythmia; human; internet of things; machine
   learning; procedures; signal processing; wearable computer; computer aided
   instruction

---

UT 78
AR Wang J/2, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, DOI 10.1109/TITS.2025.3577794
TI Knowledge Generation and Distillation for Road Segmentation in Intelligent
   Transportation Systems
AU Wang J/2; Gao M; Zhai W; Rida I; Zhu X/1; Li Q/1
TC 17
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB The rapid development of generative AI has opened a new era in Intelligent
   Transportation Systems (ITS). However, deploying high-performance
   segmentation models on resource-constrained edge devices remains challenging
   due to their substantial computational demands.  To address this problem, in
   this work, we propose a lightweight road segmentation framework termed
   Knowledge Generation and Distillation (KGD). In the KGD, a lightweight
   Student model learns from a high-precision Teacher model.  This approach
   balances accuracy and computational efficiency.  To further enhance the
   knowledge transfer process, we introduce a knowledge distillation loss to
   better supervise the discrepancy between the Teacher and Student models.
   Meanwhile, we incorporate graph convolution to capture complex spatial
   dependencies.  This can effectively enhance the understanding of road
   structure and irregular boundaries.  Additionally, we built a Multi-scale
   Lightweight Spatial Attention (MS-LSA) module to focus on multi-scale
   spatial road information.  Experimental results demonstrate that the
   proposed KGD achieves 96.33% and 94.02% in Max F1-measure and average
   precision(AP) on KITTI-Road, with only 1.17M in parameters and scores
   6.73ms/frame in inference speed.  It achieves a superior balance between
   accuracy and efficiency compared to mainstream deep networks.  These
   advantages make KGD suitable for real-time use in large-scale ITS
   applications, such as smart traffic monitoring, autonomous vehicle
   perception, and adaptive traffic control systems.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE graph convolutional neural network; knowledge distillation; road
   segmentation; tiny machine learning
ID computational efficiency; convolution; convolutional neural networks;
   highway traffic control; intelligent vehicle highway systems; knowledge
   graph; knowledge management; knowledge transfer; learning systems; motor
   transportation; real-time systems; roads and streets; street traffic
   control; students; teaching; convolutional neural network; intelligent
   transportation systems; knowledge distillation; knowledge generations;
   machine learning; multi-scales; road segmentation; student modeling; teacher
   models; tiny machine learning; intelligent systems

---

UT 76
AR Zhang Y/4, 2025, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS, DOI
   10.1109/SAS65169.2025.11105204
TI On-Device Crack Segmentation for Edge Structural Health Monitoring
AU Zhang Y/4; Xu Y; Martinez-Rau LS; Vu QNP; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 16
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS
PY 2025
AB Crack segmentation can play a critical role in Structural Health Monitoring
   (SHM) by enabling accurate identification of crack size and location, which
   allows to monitor structural damages over time.  However, deploying deep
   learning models for crack segmentation on resource-constrained micro-
   controllers presents significant challenges due to limited memory,
   computational power, and energy resources.  To address these challenges,
   this study explores lightweight U-Net architectures tailored for TinyML
   applications, focusing on three optimization strategies: filter number
   reduction, network depth reduction, and the use of Depthwise Separable
   Convolutions (DWConv2D). Our results demonstrate that reducing convolution
   kernels and network depth significantly reduces RAM and Flash requirement,
   and inference times, albeit with some accuracy trade-offs.  Specifically, by
   reducing the filer number to 25%, the network depth to four blocks, and
   utilizing depthwise convolutions, a good compromise between segmentation
   performance and resource consumption is achieved.  This makes the network
   particularly suitable for low-power TinyML applications.  This study not
   only advances TinyML-based crack segmentation but also provides the
   possibility for energy-autonomous edge SHM systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE crack segmentation; edge computing; embedded systems; energy-autonomous
   systems; structural health monitoring; tinyml
ID convolution; crack propagation; deep learning; edge computing; energy
   resources; intelligent systems; low power electronics; random access
   storage; structural health monitoring; % reductions; crack segmentations;
   edge computing; embedded-system; energy; energy-autonomous systems; health
   monitoring; network depths; structural health; tinyml; economic and social
   effects; embedded systems

---

UT 125
AR Ramadan MNA, 2025, ICT EXPRESS, V11, P754, DOI 10.1016/j.icte.2025.06.008
TI Federated learning and TinyML on IoT edge devices: Challenges, advances, and
   future directions
AU Ramadan MNA; Ali MAH; Khoo SY; Alkhedher M
TC 16
SO ICT EXPRESS
PY 2025
AB This paper examines the integration of Federated Learning (FL), TinyML, and
   IoT in resource-constrained edge devices, highlighting key challenges and
   opportunities.  It reviews FL and TinyML frameworks with a focus on
   communication, privacy, accuracy, efficiency, and memory constraints.  We
   propose a novel FL-IoT framework that combines over-the-air (OTA) AI model
   updates, LoRa-based distributed communication, and lossless data compression
   techniques such as Run-Length Encoding (RLE), Huffman coding, and LZW to
   reduce transmission cost, optimize local processing, and maintain data
   privacy.  The framework features Raspberry Pi-based aggregation nodes and
   microcontroller-based IoT clients, enabling scalable, low-power learning
   across heterogeneous devices.  Evaluation includes memory usage,
   communication cost, energy consumption, and accuracy trade-offs across
   multiple FL scenarios.  Results show improved scalability and significant
   power savings compared to baseline FL setups.  The proposed framework is
   particularly impactful in applications such as smart agriculture,
   healthcare, and smart cities.  Future directions for real-time, privacy-
   preserving edge intelligence are discussed.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE edge devices; federated learning; iot; resource constraints; tinyml

---

UT 293
AR Lokhande H, 2025, BULL ELECTR ENG INF, V14, P357, DOI
   10.11591/eei.v14i1.8131
TI Object detection in video surveillance using MobileNetV2 on resource-
   constrained low-power edge devices
AU Lokhande H; Ganorkar SR
TC 16
SO BULL ELECTR ENG INF
PY 2025
AB Edge-based video surveillance systems encounter significant obstacles in
   object detection due to the limited computational power and energy
   efficiency of edge devices, which are required to deliver real-time
   processing capabilities.  Traditional object detection models are
   excessively resource-hungry for these envi-ronments, making optimization
   techniques absolutely essential.  This study ro-bustly explores the
   implementation of quantized transfer learning utilizing SSD MobileNet V2
   with 8-bit quantization to significantly elevate the performance of object
   detection on resource-constrained edge devices.  Experimental results
   decisively indicate that the Raspberry Pi 5 and Nvidia Jetson Orin Nano sur-
   pass other devices, achieving total latencies of 5 ms and 85 ms,
   respectively, affirming their exceptional suitability for real-time
   applications.  The quantized int8 model secures an impressive accuracy of
   80.65% while dramatically lower-ing memory consumption and latency when
   compared to the unoptimized int32 model.  Furthermore, the model
   demonstrates outstanding performance on a masked-unmasked dataset with an F1
   score of 0.92 for masked detection.  These findings underscore the
   transformative potential of quantization in enhancing both inference speed
   and resource efficiency in edge-based surveillance systems.  Future research
   will boldly investigate advanced hybrid quantization strategies and
   architectural enhancements to achieve an optimal balance of efficiency and
   accuracy, alongside scalability across a broader spectrum of edge devices
   and datasets.  © 2025, Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science.  All
   rights reserved.
DE convolutional neural network; edge computing; low power devices;
   microcontrollers; neuromorphic edge; tinyml

---

UT 387
AR Giazitzis S, 2025, J POWER SOURCES, V653, DOI 10.1016/j.jpowsour.2025.237568
TI TinyML models for SoH estimation of lithium-ion batteries based on
   Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy
AU Giazitzis S; Isse AA; Blasuttigh N/1; Massi Pavan A/1; Raimondo DM; Badha S;
   Rosetti F; Ogliari E
TC 16
SO J POWER SOURCES
PY 2025
AB As battery systems become more widespread, the need for accurate and fast
   estimation of State of Health (SoH) in lithium-ion cells is increasingly
   critical.  This study analyzes two data-driven model methods that leverage
   Electrochemical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) measurements to capture the
   internal electrochemical dynamics underlying battery degradation and
   estimate the cell's current SoH. The first approach, Method A, utilizes an
   Equivalent Circuit Model (ECM) from EIS data and uses it to train various
   state-of-the-art Deep Learning (DL) models, including LSTM, GRU, CNN-LSTM,
   and CNN-GRU. In contrast, Method B directly employs raw EIS data to train
   the same set of DL models, bypassing the need for ECM development.  Both
   methods demonstrated strong performance, with the CNN-GRU model from Method
   B yielding the best results, achieving a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of only
   0.87% and a Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) of 1.20%. Additionally, both
   methods included an analysis of various input features, such as State of
   Charge (SoC), to evaluate their impact on model performance.  Finally, the
   models of Method B were optimized for size and computational efficiency,
   making them suitable for deployment on low-power edge devices and
   applications requiring TinyML capabilities.  The average latency and size
   reduction of the models were 99.61% and 88.61%, respectively.  © 2025 The
   Authors
DE batteries; deep learning models; electrochemical-impedance spectroscopy;
   equivalent circuit model ( ecm ); state of health; tinyml
ID battery management systems; charging ( batteries ); circuit simulation;
   computational efficiency; deep learning; learning systems; lithium-ion
   batteries; mean square error; battery; deep learning model; electrochemical-
   impedance spectroscopies; equivalent circuit model; learning models; lithium
   ions; spectroscopy data; state of health; tinyml; equivalent circuits

---

UT 126
AR Pai H A, 2025, ENG, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.106512
TI Enhanced household energy consumption forecasting using multivariate long
   short-term memory (LSTM) networks with weather data integration
AU Pai H A; Mishra KK; R MT; Jeyan JVML; Sayal A
TC 13
SO ENG
PY 2025
AB Forecasting household energy consumption is crucial for sustainable energy
   management and grid stability.  Traditional models often struggle with
   complex data characteristics.  This study introduces a TinyML-optimized
   multivariate LSTM model designed for resource-constrained environments,
   leveraging self-supervised learning to enhance predictive accuracy with
   minimal computational overhead.  By integrating environmental factors like
   weather, the model offers a scalable solution for smart home applications,
   achieving significant improvements in key metrics while operating within the
   memory and power limitations typical of edge computing devices.  This
   research contributes to the state of the art by using a structured data
   preprocessing pipeline that includes normalization, day resampling, and
   advanced feature engineering methods to prepare the input for LSTM networks
   in an optimal way.  This work initiates the application of Self-Supervised
   Learning (SSL) for preprocessing and enriching weather-related features from
   remote sensing data to enhance the predictive capability of the LSTM.
   Empirical outcomes prove a considerable improvement over traditional
   forecasting models, which reach a Mean Squared Error (MSE) of 0.02063 and a
   Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE) of 0.14363, a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of
   0.107, a Mean Absolute Percentage Error (MAPE) of 0.155, and a Coefficient
   of Determination (R²) of 0.724. This work uniquely combines Self-Supervised
   Learning (SSL) with multivariate LSTM models, significantly improving
   feature extraction and alleviating limitations witnessed in current hybrid
   models, most notably with respect to handling intricate temporal
   dependencies and mitigating computational overhead within resource-limited
   settings.  © 2025
DE edge computing; energy-consumption prediction; internet of things ( iot );
   lstm networks; resource-constrained machine learning; self-supervised
   learning in iot; smart home energy management; tinyml
ID automation; constrained optimization; data integration; energy utilization;
   green computing; integration; intelligent buildings; internet of things;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; mean square error; self-supervised
   learning; smart homes; weather forecasting; edge computing; energy-
   consumption prediction; home energy managements; internet of thing; long
   short-term memory network; machine learning; memory network; resource-
   constrained machine learning; self-supervised learning in internet of thing;
   short-term memory; smart home energy management; smart homes; tinyml; edge
   computing; long short-term memory

---

UT 36
AR Tolani M, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-00762-4
TI Machine learning based adaptive traffic prediction and control using edge
   impulse platform
AU Tolani M; Saathwik GE; Roy A/1; Ameeth LA; Rao DB; Bajpai A; Balodi A
TC 12
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Traffic congestion and delays are two major challenges in modern vehicle
   traffic control systems.  These issues can be mitigated through an efficient
   and autonomous traffic scheduling system.  The objective of the proposed
   methodology is to automate the traffic control system based on the density
   of vehicles approaching to the traffic signal without any human
   intervention.  Unlike the conventional traffic signal systems that rely on
   preset timers which is often unsuitable for unpredictable traffic
   conditions.  Therefore, the proposed approach dynamically adjusts signal
   timings based on real-time data.  The methodology utilizes proximity sensors
   strategically placed at a predetermined distance from the traffic signal to
   detect approaching vehicles.  The speed and density of vehicles are
   monitored based on the readings from these sensors.  A Edge-Impulse-based
   machine learning model is proposed to predict the density and arrival time
   of the vehicles to the traffic signal.  Using machine learning algorithms,
   the system can forecast future traffic conditions and optimize real-time
   traffic control by significantly reducing congestion and delays.  Moreover,
   by automating the traffic scheduling process, the proposed methodology can
   help to reduce human error and improve the safety of road users.  The
   proposed methodology has the potential to transform existing traffic control
   systems, making them more intelligent, efficient, and autonomous.  The model
   is rigorously tested and validated to ensure its reliability and accuracy in
   real-world traffic scenarios.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE artificial intelligence; internet of things; machine learning; tinyml;
   traffic control; traffic prediction
ID article; artificial intelligence; control system; controlled study; electric
   potential; human; human experiment; internet of things; machine learning;
   machine learning algorithm; prediction; proximity sensor; reliability;
   sensor; traffic; velocity

---

UT 60
AR Chaoraingern J, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25123810
TI Embedded Sensor Data Fusion and TinyML for Real-Time Remaining Useful Life
   Estimation of UAV Li Polymer Batteries
AU Chaoraingern J; Numsomran A
TC 12
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB The accurate real-time estimation of the remaining useful life (RUL) of
   lithium-polymer (LiPo) batteries is a critical enabler for ensuring the
   safety, reliability, and operational efficiency of unmanned aerial vehicles
   (UAVs). Nevertheless, achieving such prognostics on resource-constrained
   embedded platforms remains a considerable technical challenge.  This study
   proposes an end-to-end TinyML-based framework that integrates embedded
   sensor data fusion with an optimized feedforward neural network (FFNN) model
   for efficient RUL estimation under strict hardware limitations.  The system
   collects voltage, discharge time, and capacity measurements through a
   lightweight data fusion pipeline and leverages the Edge Impulse platform
   with the EON™Compiler for model optimization.  The trained model is deployed
   on a dual-core ARM Cortex-M0+ Raspberry Pi RP2040 microcontroller,
   communicating wirelessly with a LabVIEW-based visualization system for real-
   time monitoring.  Experimental validation on an 80-gram UAV equipped with a
   1100 mAh LiPo battery demonstrates a mean absolute error (MAE) of 3.46
   cycles and a root mean squared error (RMSE) of 3.75 cycles.  Model testing
   results show an overall accuracy of (Formula presented.), with a mean
   squared error (MSE) of 55.68, a mean absolute error (MAE) of 5.38, and a
   variance score of 0.99, indicating strong regression precision and
   robustness.  Furthermore, the quantized (int8) version of the model achieves
   an inference latency of 2 ms, with memory utilization of only 1.2 KB RAM and
   11 KB flash, confirming its suitability for real-time deployment on
   resource-constrained embedded devices.  Overall, the proposed framework
   effectively demonstrates the feasibility of combining embedded sensor data
   fusion and TinyML to enable accurate, low-latency, and resource-efficient
   real-time RUL estimation for UAV battery health management.  © 2025 by the
   authors.
DE real-time embedded systems; remaining useful life ( rul ) estimation; sensor
   data fusion; tinyml; uav li polymer battery monitoring
ID antennas; battery management systems; computer programming languages;
   embedded systems; feedforward neural networks; lithium compounds; mean
   square error; real-time systems; secondary batteries; sensor data fusion;
   biological marker; lithium; polymer; aerial vehicle; battery monitoring;
   life estimation; polymer battery; real-time embedded systems; remaining
   useful life  estimation; remaining useful lives; sensors data fusion;
   tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle li polymer battery monitoring; article;
   controlled study; data analysis software; diagnosis; electric potential;
   feed forward neural network; human; latent period; mean absolute error; mean
   squared error; raspberry; reliability; root mean squared error; sensor; time
   perception; unmanned aerial vehicle; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav )

---

UT 66
AR Ding L, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25144515
TI Wearable Sensors-Based Intelligent Sensing and Application of Animal
   Behaviors: A Comprehensive Review
AU Ding L; Zhang C; Yue Y; Yao C; Li Z/4; Hu Y; Yang B; Ma W; Yu L/2; Gao R; Li
   Q/3
TC 12
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB Accurate monitoring of animal behaviors enables improved management in
   precision livestock farming (PLF), supporting critical applications
   including health assessment, estrus detection, parturition monitoring, and
   feed intake estimation.  Although both contact and non-contact sensing
   modalities are utilized, wearable devices with embedded sensors (e.g.,
   accelerometers, pressure sensors) offer unique advantages through continuous
   data streams that enhance behavioral traceability.  Focusing specifically on
   contact sensing techniques, this review examines sensor characteristics and
   data acquisition challenges, methodologies for processing behavioral data
   and implementing identification algorithms, industrial applications enabled
   by recognition outcomes, and prevailing challenges with emerging research
   opportunities.  Current behavior classification relies predominantly on
   traditional machine learning or deep learning approaches with high-frequency
   data acquisition.  The fundamental limitation restricting advancement in
   this field is the difficulty in maintaining high-fidelity recognition
   performance at reduced acquisition rates, particularly for integrated multi-
   behavior identification.  Considering that the computational demands and
   limited adaptability to complex field environments remain significant
   constraints, Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny ML) could present opportunities to
   guide future research toward practical, scalable behavioral monitoring
   solutions.  In addition, algorithm development for functional applications
   post behavior recognition may represent a critical future research
   direction.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE algorithms; behavior monitoring; contact sensing; monitoring applications;
   tiny machine learning
ID accelerometry; algorithms; animals; behavior animal; biosensing techniques;
   livestock; machine learning; monitoring physiologic; wearable electronic
   devices; agricultural machinery; agriculture; animals; behavioral research;
   contact sensors; data acquisition; data handling; deep learning; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; wearable sensors; animal behavior; behavior
   monitoring; contact sensing; critical applications; intelligent
   applications; intelligent sensing; machine learning; monitoring
   applications; precision livestock farming; tiny machine learning;
   accelerometry; algorithm; animal; animal behavior; genetic procedures;
   livestock; machine learning; physiologic monitoring; physiology; wearable
   electronic device; industrial research

---

UT 214
AR Lamaakal I, 2025, INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC, DOI
   10.1109/ICCSC66714.2025.11135279
TI A Survey of Model Compression Techniques for TinyML Applications
AU Lamaakal I; Yahyati C; Ouahbi I; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y
TC 12
SO INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC
PY 2025
AB The convergence of embedded systems and artificial intelligence has led to
   the rapid growth of TinyML, which enables ML inference on highly resource-
   constrained devices.  However, deploying modern DL models in these
   environments poses signif-icant challenges due to limited memory, processing
   power, and energy availability.  Model compression techniques have emerged
   as essential tools to bridge this gap, allowing for the deployment of
   efficient, low-latency, and accurate models at the edge.  This survey
   provides a comprehensive and structured review of key model compression
   strategies-including low-rank factorization, neural architecture search,
   pruning, quantization, knowledge distillation, and other emerging methods-
   highlighting their principles, mathematical formulations, and application
   relevance to TinyML. We also discuss the trade-offs and challenges as-
   sociated with these methods, such as accuracy loss, hardware-software co-
   design, and deployment constraints.  Our goal is to equip researchers and
   practitioners with a practical reference that informs the design of
   lightweight AI solutions suitable for the next generation of intelligent
   edge devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; embedded systems; internet of things; model compression; tinyml
ID embedded software; factorization; internet of things; compression
   techniques; edge ai; embedded-system; energy availability; limited memory;
   model compression; processing power; rapid growth; resource-constrained
   devices; tinyml; economic and social effects; embedded systems

---

UT 284
AR Thouheed Ahmed S, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P252, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3508090
TI Federated Learning Framework for Consumer IoMT-Edge Resource Recommendation
   Under Telemedicine Services
AU Thouheed Ahmed S; Sivakami R; Banik D; Bhatia Khan S; Dhanaraj RK; Vinoth
   Kumar V; Mahesh TR; Almusharraf A
TC 12
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB Medical IoT devices and Telemedicine computation is the growing domain and
   further involving biomedical computation via machine learning ecosystem has
   generated an insightful results and analysis.  The resources sharing and
   availability in computing and decision support suffer with a higher latency
   and energy consumption.  In this manuscript, a novel TinyML based model for
   medical consumer devices resources allocation and resource sharing is
   discussed.  The proposed framework is developed using Federated learning
   (FL) models for extracting the resource utilization patterns at individual
   user levels.  These locally computed models are further facilitated with
   edge computation layer for locating resource patterns extraction.  The
   technique is deployed on the dynamic server based resource pooling for
   effective analysis and resource scheduling and expanded to develop a
   reliable recommendation model for medical resource management.  The
   framework has trained 128 clusters of 6400 rural and 12800 urban IoT devices
   samples for resource allocation and scheduling using telemedicine protocol
   (TelMED). The framework has secured an efficiency of 93.21% in urban user
   recommendation and 94.72% for rural users.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE federated learning; local computational models; medical resource allocation;
   resource pooling; tinyml models
ID computational modeling; edge resources; learning frameworks; local
   computational model; medical resource allocation; resource pooling;
   resource-scheduling; resources allocation; resources sharing; tinyml model;
   federated learning

---

UT 334
AR Srinivasagan R, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0316920
TI Edge intelligence for poultry welfare: Utilizing tiny machine learning
   neural network processors for vocalization analysis
AU Srinivasagan R; El Sayed MS; Al-Rasheed MI; Alzahrani AS
TC 11
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB The health of poultry flock is crucial in sustainable farming.  Recent
   advances in machine learning and speech analysis have opened up
   opportunities for real-time monitoring of the behavior and health of flock.
   However, there has been little research on using Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny
   ML) for continuous vocalization monitoring in poultry.  This study addresses
   this gap by developing and deploying Tiny ML models on low-power edge
   devices to monitor chicken vocalizations.  The focus is on overcoming
   challenges such as memory limitations, processing power, and battery life to
   ensure practical implementation in agricultural settings.  In collaboration
   with avian researchers, a diverse dataset of poultry vocalizations
   representing a range of health and environmental conditions was created to
   train and validate the algorithms.  Digital Signal Processing (DSP) blocks
   of the Edge Impulse platform were used to generate spectral features for
   studying fowl vocalization.  A one-dimensional Convolutional Neural Network
   (CNN) model was employed for classification.  The study emphasizes
   accurately identifying and categorizing different chicken noises associated
   with emotional states such as discomfort, hunger, and satisfaction.  To
   improve accuracy and reduce background noise, noise-robust Tiny ML
   algorithms were developed.  Before the removal of background noise, our
   average accuracy and F1 scores were 91.6% and 0.92, respectively.  After the
   removal, they improved to 96.6% and 0.95. © 2025 Srinivasagan et al.  This
   is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative
   Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution,
   and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are
   credited.
ID algorithms; animal husbandry; animal welfare; animals; chickens; machine
   learning; neural networks computer; poultry; signal processing computer-
   assisted; vocalization animal; algorithm; article; artificial intelligence;
   background noise; classification algorithm; convolutional neural network;
   decision making; discrete wavelet transform; edge intelligence; feature
   extraction; gallus gallus; intelligence; machine learning; nerve cell
   network; nonhuman; poultry; short time fourier transform; signal processing;
   spectroscopy; vocalization; animal; animal husbandry; animal welfare;
   artificial neural network; gallus gallus; physiology; poultry; procedures

---

UT 319
AR Arciniegas S, 2025, DISCOV INTERNET THINGS, V5, DOI
   10.1007/s43926-025-00142-4
TI IoT device for detecting abnormal vibrations in motors using TinyML
AU Arciniegas S; Rivero D; Piñan J; Diaz E; Rivas F
TC 10
SO DISCOV INTERNET THINGS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents an innovative approach to motor bearing fault detection
   using TinyML on an IoT device.  We developed a system that integrates
   spectral analysis and deep learning on a resource-constrained edge device,
   enabling real-time monitoring and anomaly detection.  Our method achieves
   96.5(% accuracy in laboratory outperforming baseline Random Forest and SVM
   models.  The system's low latency (300 ms from data collection to alert
   generation) and computational efficiency make it suitable for real-time
   industrial applications.  We address challenges such as environmental noise
   and connectivity issues and discuss future directions including multi-modal
   sensor integration and federated learning.  This research contributes to the
   growing field of edge AI for predictive maintenance, demonstrating the
   viability of sophisticated machine learning models on low-power
   microcontrollers.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE anomaly detection; edge computing; machine learning
ID predictive maintenance; abnormal vibration; anomaly detection; bearing fault
   detection; edge computing; innovative approaches; machine learning; motor
   bearings; random forest modeling; real-time monitoring; spectral analyze;
   deep learning

---

UT 145
AR Rostami A, 2025, ARAB J SCI ENG, V50, P6959, DOI 10.1007/s13369-024-09095-2
TI Real-Time Stress Detection from Raw Noisy PPG Signals Using LSTM Model
   Leveraging TinyML
AU Rostami A; Tarvirdizadeh B; Alipour K; Ghamari M
TC 9
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2025
AB The negative effects of stress on well-being demonstrate the need for real-
   time detection.  The increasing prevalence of wearables with AI capabilities
   to continually monitor vital signs like heart rate and blood pressure
   highlights their growing value in promptly identifying stress.  This paper
   presents a new approach for real-time stress detection employing an LSTM-
   based deep learning model, a technique with promising outcomes for time-
   series data analysis.  Our model is trained on raw PPG signals from the
   WESAD dataset covering diverse stress scenarios.  By learning patterns and
   fluctuations over time, it can effectively distinguish stressed and non-
   stressed states.  The training uses only the raw PPG signals, segments them
   into windows, and creates labeled data for supervised learning.  To enable
   real-time detection, we explore deploying our trained model on STM32H7xx
   microcontrollers equipped with a Cortex-M7 core offering low-power and
   hardware acceleration.  We implement the LSTM model leveraging their
   capabilities for efficient inference.  This implementation process involves
   optimizing the model and converting it into a format compatible with the
   microcontrollers.  Within this study, we employ key TensorFlow toolkit
   optimization methods, including quantization-aware training (QAT), pruning,
   prune-preserving quantization-aware training (PQAT), and post-training
   quantization (PTQ), along with the TensorFlow Lite (TFL) toolkit, to
   evaluate and compare the outcomes obtained from applying these methods to
   the baseline model.  Our goal is to select the most effective approach for
   the processor, enabling real-time detection.  Through the utilization of
   these techniques, our objective is to reduce the size of the model and the
   necessary processing resources, such as RAM size, while ensuring that a high
   level of accuracy is maintained.  Our results show the capability of the
   optimized LSTM model to accurately detect stress from raw PPG data on
   resource-constrained, low-power STM32H7xx MCUs.  The final optimized model
   requires only 170 Kbytes of RAM, a nearly 12 times reduction in size, while
   still achieving a high accuracy of 87.76% when performing inference on the
   microcontroller.  © King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals 2024.
DE deep learning; long short-term memory ( lstm ); photoplethysmography ( ppg
   ); pruning; quantization; stress detection; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )

---

UT 180
AR Manikandan V, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25134058
TI AI-Powered Vocalization Analysis in Poultry: Systematic Review of Health,
   Behavior, and Welfare Monitoring
AU Manikandan V; Neethirajan S
TC 9
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB Artificial intelligence and bioacoustics represent a paradigm shift in non-
   invasive poultry welfare monitoring through advanced vocalization analysis.
   This comprehensive systematic review critically examines the transformative
   evolution from traditional acoustic feature extraction—including Mel-
   Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs), spectral entropy, and
   spectrograms—to cutting-edge deep learning architectures encompassing
   Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM)
   networks, attention mechanisms, and groundbreaking self-supervised models
   such as wav2vec2 and Whisper.  The investigation reveals compelling evidence
   for edge computing deployment via TinyML frameworks, addressing critical
   scalability challenges in commercial poultry environments characterized by
   acoustic complexity and computational constraints.  Advanced applications
   spanning emotion recognition, disease detection, and behavioral phenotyping
   demonstrate unprecedented potential for real-time welfare assessment.
   Through rigorous bibliometric co-occurrence mapping and thematic clustering
   analysis, this review exposes persistent methodological bottlenecks: dataset
   standardization deficits, evaluation protocol inconsistencies, and
   algorithmic interpretability limitations.  Critical knowledge gaps emerge in
   cross-species domain generalization and contextual acoustic adaptation,
   demanding urgent research prioritization.  The findings underscore
   explainable AI integration as essential for establishing stakeholder trust
   and regulatory compliance in automated welfare monitoring systems.  This
   synthesis positions acoustic AI as a cornerstone technology enabling
   ethical, transparent, and scientifically robust precision livestock farming,
   bridging computational innovation with biological relevance for sustainable
   poultry production systems.  Future research directions emphasize multi-
   modal sensor integration, standardized evaluation frameworks, and domain-
   adaptive models capable of generalizing across diverse poultry breeds,
   housing conditions, and environmental contexts while maintaining
   interpretability for practical farm deployment.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE acoustic monitoring; animal welfare; bioacoustics classification; edge ai;
   poultry vocalization; tinyml
ID acoustics; animal welfare; animals; artificial intelligence; behavior
   animal; neural networks computer; poultry; vocalization animal; acoustics;
   agriculture; animals; convolutional neural networks; emotion recognition;
   regulatory compliance; acoustic monitoring; animal welfare; bioacoustic
   classification; edge ai; health behaviors; interpretability; poultry
   vocalization; systematic review; tinyml; vocalization analysis; acoustics;
   animal; animal behavior; animal welfare; artificial intelligence; artificial
   neural network; physiology; poultry; vocalization; bioacoustics

---

UT 327
AR Khalil HA, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P14151, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3530296
TI Low-Cost Driver Monitoring System Using Deep Learning
AU Khalil HA; Hammad SA; Abd El Munim HE; Maged SA
TC 9
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Driver monitoring systems are becoming an essential part of Advanced Driver
   Assistance Systems (ADAS) safety features in modern vehicles.  The U.S.
   National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reports that drowsy/fatigued
   driving results in almost 100,000 road accidents per year.  Driver's fatigue
   can have different causes, such as lack of sleep, long journeys,
   restlessness, mental pressure and alcohol consumption.  Early monitoring
   systems relied on data from vehicle sensors, and modern systems commonly use
   driver's eye tracking.  Recently, there has been growing interest in
   utilizing machine vision and deep learning for driver monitoring.  Using
   machine vision can create more advanced driver monitoring systems capable of
   detecting driver attention state as well as other features like smartphone
   usage while driving and seat belts.  Machine vision systems usually require
   extensive processing power, which raises the cost of such systems.  In this
   paper, we present a low-cost driver monitoring system using a 15 Raspberry
   Pi Zero 2 W board and deep learning CNN to deliver a system capable of
   monitoring and identifying different states of the driver like safe driving,
   distracted, drowsy, and smartphone usage, the system achieves an inference
   rate for 10 Frames Per Second (FPS) and above 90% accuracy with the testing
   dataset.  In addition to the deep learning CNN which runs on Raspberry Pi
   CPU, we utilize the Raspberry Pi GPU to run a head pose estimation algorithm
   to boost the system's accuracy.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE ai; cnn; deep learning; driver monitoring system; embedded systems; machine
   learning; opencl; raspberry pi; tinyml; yolo
ID advanced traffic management systems; automobile seat belts; concrete
   pavements; deep learning; highway accidents; highway administration; highway
   traffic control; machine vision; magnetic levitation vehicles; motor
   transportation; orbital laboratories; sleep research; street traffic
   control; cost drivers; deep learning; driver monitoring system; embedded-
   system; low-costs; machine learning; opencl; raspberry pi; tinyml; yolo;
   advanced driver assistance systems

---

UT 541
AR Arif M, 2025, COMPUT MATER CONTIN, V83, P13, DOI 10.32604/cmc.2025.062819
TI A Literature Review on Model Conversion, Inference, and Learning Strategies
   in EdgeML with TinyML Deployment
AU Arif M; Rashid M
TC 9
SO COMPUT MATER CONTIN
PY 2025
AB Edge Machine Learning (EdgeML) and Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) are fast-
   growing fields that bring machine learning to resource-constrained devices,
   allowing real-time data processing and decision-making at the network’s
   edge.  However, the complexity of model conversion techniques, diverse
   inference mechanisms, and varied learning strategies make designing and
   deploying these models challenging.  Additionally, deploying TinyML models
   on resource-constrained hardware with specific software frameworks has
   broadened EdgeML’s applications across various sectors.  These factors
   underscore the necessity for a comprehensive literature review, as current
   reviews do not systematically encompass the most recent findings on these
   topics.  Consequently, it provides a comprehensive overview of state-of-the-
   art techniques in model conversion, inference mechanisms, learning
   strategies within EdgeML, and deploying these models on resource-constrained
   edge devices using TinyML. It identifies 90 research articles published
   between 2018 and 2025, categorizing them into two main areas: (1) model
   conversion, inference, and learning strategies in EdgeML and (2) deploying
   TinyML models on resource-constrained hardware using specific software
   frameworks.  In the first category, the synthesis of selected research
   articles compares and critically reviews various model conversion
   techniques, inference mechanisms, and learning strategies.  In the second
   category, the synthesis identifies and elaborates on major development
   boards, software frameworks, sensors, and algorithms used in various
   applications across six major sectors.  As a result, this article provides
   valuable insights for researchers, practitioners, and developers.  It
   assists them in choosing suitable model conversion techniques, inference
   mechanisms, learning strategies, hardware development boards, software
   frameworks, sensors, and algorithms tailored to their specific needs and
   applications across various sectors.  © 2025 The Authors.
DE edge machine learning; inference; learning algorithms; model compression;
   tiny machine learning
ID application programs; contrastive learning; federated learning; edge machine
   learning; inference; inference mechanism; learning strategy; machine
   learning; model compression; model conversion; software frameworks; tiny
   machine learning; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 692
AR Deutel M, 2025, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V44,
   P1250, DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3484354
TI On-Device Training of Fully Quantized Deep Neural Networks on Cortex-M
   Microcontrollers
AU Deutel M; Hannig F; Mutschler C; Teich J/1
TC 9
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2025
AB On-device training of deep neural networks (DNNs) allows models to adapt and
   fine tune to newly collected data or changing domains while deployed on
   microcontroller units (MCUs). However, DNN training is a resource-intensive
   task, making the implementation and execution of DNN training algorithms on
   MCUs challenging due to low processor speeds, constrained throughput,
   limited floating-point support, and memory constraints.  In this work, we
   explore on-device training DNNs for different sized Cortex-M MCUs
   (Cortex-M0+, Cortex-M4, and Cortex-M7). We present a method that enables
   efficient training of DNNs completely in place on the MCU using fully
   quantized training (FQT) and dynamic partial gradient updates.  We
   demonstrate the feasibility of our approach on multiple vision and time-
   series datasets and provide insights into the tradeoff between training
   accuracy, memory overhead, energy, and latency on real hardware.  The
   results show that compared to related work, our approach requires 34.8% less
   memory and has a 49.0% lower latency per training sample, with dynamic
   partial gradient updates allowing a speedup of up to 8.7 compared to fully
   updating all weights.  © 1982-2012 IEEE.
DE efficient ai; embedded machine learning; microcontrollers; on-device
   training; tinyml
ID image coding; microcontrollers; programmable logic controllers; cortexes;
   efficient ai; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; neural networks; on-device training; tinyml;
   training algorithms; deep neural networks

---

UT 181
AR Pazmiño Ortiz LA, 2025, FUTUR INTERNET, V17, DOI 10.3390/fi17060257
TI Advancing TinyML in IoT: A Holistic System-Level Perspective for Resource-
   Constrained AI
AU Pazmiño Ortiz LA; Maldonado Soliz IF; Guevara Balarezo VK
TC 8
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2025
AB Resource-constrained devices, including low-power Internet of Things (IoT)
   nodes, microcontrollers, and edge computing platforms, have increasingly
   become the focal point for deploying on-device intelligence.  By integrating
   artificial intelligence (AI) closer to data sources, these systems aim to
   achieve faster responses, reduce bandwidth usage, and preserve privacy.
   Nevertheless, implementing AI in limited hardware environments poses
   substantial challenges in terms of computation, energy efficiency, model
   complexity, and reliability.  This paper provides a comprehensive review of
   state-of-the-art methodologies, examining how recent advances in model
   compression, TinyML frameworks, and federated learning paradigms are
   enabling AI in tightly constrained devices.  We highlight both established
   and emergent techniques for optimizing resource usage while addressing
   security, privacy, and ethical concerns.  We then illustrate opportunities
   in key application domains—such as healthcare, smart cities, agriculture,
   and environmental monitoring—where localized intelligence on resource-
   limited devices can have broad societal impact.  By exploring architectural
   co-design strategies, algorithmic innovations, and pressing research gaps,
   this paper offers a roadmap for future investigations and industrial
   applications of AI in resource-constrained devices.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE artificial intelligence; edge computing; federated learning; iot; model
   compression; resource-constrained devices; security and privacy; tinyml
ID bandwidth; computer privacy; edge computing; energy efficiency; green
   computing; industrial research; internet of things; network security;
   computing platform; data-source; edge computing; focal points; low power;
   model compression; resource-constrained devices; security and privacy;
   system levels; tinyml; artificial intelligence

---

UT 226
AR Giorgetti G, 2025, BIG DATA COGN COMPUT, V9, DOI 10.3390/bdcc9030061
TI Transitioning from TinyML to Edge GenAI: A Review
AU Giorgetti G; Pau DP
TC 8
SO BIG DATA COGN COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Generative AI (GenAI) models are designed to produce realistic and natural
   data, such as images, audio, or written text.  Due to their high
   computational and memory demands, these models traditionally run on powerful
   remote compute servers.  However, there is growing interest in deploying
   GenAI models at the edge, on resource-constrained embedded devices.  Since
   2018, the TinyML community has proved that running fixed topology AI models
   on edge devices offers several benefits, including independence from
   internet connectivity, low-latency processing, and enhanced privacy.
   Nevertheless, deploying resource-consuming GenAI models on embedded devices
   is challenging since the latter have limited computational, memory, and
   energy resources.  This review paper aims to evaluate the progresses made to
   date in the field of Edge GenAI, an emerging area of research within the
   broader domain of EdgeAI which focuses on bringing GenAI on edge devices.
   Papers released between 2022 and 2024 that address the design and deployment
   of GenAI models on embedded devices are identified and described.
   Additionally, their approaches and results are compared.  This manuscript
   contributes to understand the ongoing transition from TinyML to Edge GenAI
   and provides valuable insights to the AI research community on this
   emerging, impactful, and quite under-explored field.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE compression; edge devices; generative ai; knowledge distillation; pruning;
   quantization; use cases
ID compression; edge device; embedded device; fixed topologies; generative ai;
   knowledge distillation; pruning; quantization; use case; written texts;
   generative adversarial networks

---

UT 344
AR Abu-Samah A, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14040687
TI Deployment of TinyML-Based Stress Classification Using Computational
   Constrained Health Wearable
AU Abu-Samah A; Ghaffa D; Abdullah NF; Kamal N; Nordin R; Dela Cruz JC; Magwili
   GV; Mercado RJ
TC 8
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB Stress has become a common mental health issue in modern society, causing
   individuals to experience acute behavioral changes.  Exposure to prolonged
   stress without proper prevention and treatment may cause severe damage to
   one’s physiological and psychological health.  Researchers around the world
   have been working to find and create solutions for early stress detection
   using machine learning (ML). This paper investigates the possibility of
   utilizing Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) in developing a wearable device,
   comparable to a smartwatch, that is equipped with both physiological and
   psychological data detection system to enable edge computing and give
   immediate feedback for stress prediction.  The main challenge of this study
   was to fit a trained ML model into the microcontroller’s limited memory
   without compromising the model’s accuracy.  A TinyML-based framework using a
   Raspberry Pi Pico RP2040 on a customized board equipped with several health
   sensors was proposed to predict stress levels by utilizing accelerations,
   body temperature, heart rate, and electrodermal activity from a public
   health dataset.  Moreover, a few selected machine learning models underwent
   hyperparameter tuning before a porting library was used to translate them
   from Python to C/C++ for deployment.  This approach led to an optimized
   XGBoost model with 86.0% accuracy and only 1.12 MB in size, hence perfectly
   fitting into the 2 MB constraint of RP2040. The prediction of stress on the
   edge device was then tested and validated using a separate sub-dataset.
   This trained model on TinyML can also be used to obtain an immediate reading
   from the calibrated health sensors for real-time stress predictions.  © 2025
   by the authors.
DE edge intelligence; healthcare; knn; machine learning; micromlgen; stress
   detection; tinyml; xgboost

---

UT 479
AR Tsakanika E, 2025, BIOMEDINFORMATICS, V5, DOI
   10.3390/biomedinformatics5010014
TI High Accuracy of Epileptic Seizure Detection Using Tiny Machine Learning
   Technology for Implantable Closed-Loop Neurostimulation Systems
AU Tsakanika E; Tsoukas V; Kakarountas A; Kokkinos V
TC 8
SO BIOMEDINFORMATICS
PY 2025
AB Background: Epilepsy is one of the most common and devastating neurological
   disorders, manifesting with seizures and affecting approximately 1–2% of the
   world’s population.  The criticality of seizure occurrence and associated
   risks, combined with the overwhelming need for more precise and innovative
   treatment methods, has led to the development of invasive neurostimulation
   devices programmed to detect and apply electrical stimulation therapy to
   suppress seizures and reduce the seizure burden.  Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) is a rapidly growing branch of machine learning.  One of its key
   characteristics is the ability to run machine learning algorithms without
   the need for high computational complexity and powerful hardware resources.
   The featured work utilizes TinyML technology to implement an algorithm that
   can be integrated into the microprocessor of an implantable closed-loop
   brain neurostimulation system to accurately detect seizures in real-time by
   analyzing intracranial EEG (iEEG) signals.  Methods: A dataset containing
   iEEG signal values from both non-epileptic and epileptic individuals was
   utilized for the implementation of the proposed algorithm.  Appropriate data
   preprocessing was performed, and two training datasets with 1000 records of
   non-epileptic and epileptic iEEG signals were created.  A test dataset with
   an independent dataset of 500 records was also created.  The web-based
   platform Edge Impulse was used for model generation and visualization, and
   different model architectures were explored and tested.  Finally, metrics of
   accuracy, confusion matrices, and ROC curves were used to evaluate the
   performance of the model.  Results: Our model demonstrated high performance,
   achieving 98% and 99% accuracy on the validation and test EEG datasets,
   respectively.  Our results support the use of TinyML technology in closed-
   loop neurostimulation devices for epilepsy, as it contributes significantly
   to the speed and accuracy of seizure detection.  Conclusions: The proposed
   TinyML model demonstrated reliable seizure detection in real-time by
   analyzing EEG signals and distinguishing epileptic activity from normal
   brain electrical activity.  These findings highlight the potential of TinyML
   in closed-loop neurostimulation systems for epilepsy, enhancing both speed
   and accuracy in seizure detection.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE closed loop neurostimulation; edge ai; embedded systems; epilepsy;
   healthcare; machine learning; microcontrollers; resource-constrained
   intelligence; seizure detection; tinyml

---

UT 20
AR Wiese P, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P63, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2025.3527371
TI Toward Attention-Based TinyML: A Heterogeneous Accelerated Architecture and
   Automated Deployment Flow
AU Wiese P; Islamoglu G; Scherer M; Macan L; Jung VJ-B; Burrello A; Conti F;
   Benini L
TC 7
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB Editor’s notes: This article presents a flexible and co-optimized
   hardware–software architecture template tailored to the demands of
   attention-based AI workloads in TinyML systems.  The article offers a
   compelling and practical advancement in energy-efficient attention model
   deployment for TinyML platforms.  —Theocharis Theocharides, University of
   Cyprus, Cyprus —Marian Verhelst, KU Leuven, Belgium —Vijay Janapa Reddy,
   Harvard University, USA —Evgeni Gousev, Qualcomm, USA © 2013 IEEE.
DE accelerators; deployment; neural networks; tinyml; transformers
ID contrastive learning; convolutional neural network; deployment; edge energy;
   end to end; machine learning models; machine learning; neural networks;
   power; tinyml; transformer; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 98
AR Lamaakal I, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P55756, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3625087
TI An Explainable Tiny-Fast Kolmogorov-Arnold Network for Gesture-Based Air
   Handwriting Recognition of Tifinagh Letters in Resource-Constrained IoT
   Device
AU Lamaakal I; Yahyati C; Maleh Y; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Niyato D
TC 7
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB Air handwriting recognition has emerged as a promising solution for
   touchless human-computer interaction (HCI), particularly in the context of
   Internet of Things (IoT) systems and wearable devices, where traditional
   input modalities are often infeasible.  However, despite extensive research
   on Latin, Arabic, and Chinese scripts, no prior work has explored real-time
   air-written recognition of Tifinagh characters, a historically and
   culturally significant script used by Amazigh communities in North Africa.
   To address this gap, we present the first end-to-end air handwriting
   recognition framework for the Tifinagh alphabet, designed specifically for
   constrained IoT environments.  At the core of our system is XTiny-FastKAN, a
   novel, interpretable TinyML model based on a fast variant of the Kolmogorov-
   Arnold network (KAN), optimized for ultralow-latency inference and minimal
   memory consumption.  The system captures inertial motion signals using a
   consumer-grade inertial measurement unit (IMU), applies a rasterization-
   based preprocessing pipeline, and uses temporal saliency mapping for
   explainable predictions.  Our quantized model achieves a recognition
   accuracy of 96.6%, with a memory footprint of just 35 KB and an inference
   time of 0.04 ms, enabling real-time execution on microcontroller-class IoT
   hardware.  This work not only fills a critical gap in the digitization of
   underrepresented languages but also contributes a deployable, energy-
   efficient, and explainable edge AI solution aligned with the growing demands
   of TinyML in IoT ecosystems.  Our codes and dataset are available at
   https://github.com/Ism-ail11/XTiny-FastKAN  © 2014 IEEE.
DE air writing recognition; constrained devices; edge artificial intelligence (
   ai ); embedded systems; fastkan; internet of things ( iot ); tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; character recognition; gesture recognition; human
   computer interaction; internet of things; wearable computers; air writing
   recognition; computer interaction; constrained devices; edge ai; embedded-
   system; fastkan; handwriting recognition; kolmogorov; tinyml; touchless;
   embedded systems

---

UT 216
AR Annadata YSH, 2025, SN COMPUT SCI, V6, DOI 10.1007/s42979-024-03641-3
TI Enhancing Drone-Based Precision Agriculture: Performance Optimization of
   TinyML Models on Edge Devices and Adaptive Path Planning
AU Annadata YSH; Thazhathethil A; Moganarengam V; Nikoubin T
TC 7
SO SN COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a framework for deploying Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   on autonomous drones to enhance precision agriculture, focusing on low-
   power, real-time plant disease detection and efficient path planning in
   resource- constrained environments.  Leveraging TinyML models such as
   optimized Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) on embedded systems like ESP-
   EYE 32 microcontrollers, achieving high-accuracy disease inspection with
   minimal computational resources.  The system enables drones to autonomously
   navigate fields and capture images at optimal intervals for plant health
   analysis.  Simulations using Mission Planner demonstrate that path planning
   and environmental factors, like wind speed and direction, significantly
   influence drone performance.  Rectangular flight paths maximize energy
   efficiency, covering 6000-square-meter fields within 6–7 min and capturing
   up to 260 images for disease detection.  Single-labeled models outperformed
   bounding box-labeled models, achieving up to 90% detection accuracy.  This
   framework offers a significant step toward fully autonomous, intelligent
   drones that minimize energy and computational demands, promoting sustainable
   and efficient agricultural practices.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE disease identification; drone; edge impulse; embedded systems; navigation;
   path planning; tinyml

---

UT 323
AR Hamdouchi A, 2025, SCI AFR, V29, DOI 10.1016/j.sciaf.2025.e02809
TI Empowering IoT security: deploying TinyML ensemble techniques for
   cyberattack detection
AU Hamdouchi A; Idri A
TC 7
SO SCI AFR
PY 2025
AB As the Internet of Things (IoT) grows and devices connect, protecting IoT
   networks from vulnerabilities is crucial.  Intrusion detection systems (IDS)
   that use machine learning (ML) techniques are vital for increasing security
   and preventing unauthorized access.  Traditionally, ML models have been
   trained and deployed on forceful computers, such as cloud services.
   However, sending data to the cloud can slow the detection of attacks in real
   time.  This research constructs and assesses the TinyML ensemble and
   singular techniques, focusing on bagging (Random Forest) and boosting
   (XGBoost) using decision trees as the base learner, employing three feature
   selection (FS) methods (analysis of variance (ANOVA), maximum relevance
   minimum redundancy (mRMR), and chi-square), and different feature thresholds
   over the NF-ToN-IoT-v2 and NF-BoT-IoT-v2 datasets for cyberattack detection.
   The evaluations were performed on the Arduino UNO, considering two
   prediction performance criteria (Matthew's correlation coefficient and
   Cohen's kappa), three performance aspects linked to the embedded device:
   inference time (i.e.  latency), static RAM, and flash memory, and using the
   Borda Count voting system to rank the models.  A total of 140 TinyML
   ensembles and 14 singular classifier variants were tested on the Arduino
   UNO. The results show that XGBoost with 5 estimators, ANOVA with mRMR as FS,
   and selecting 40 % of the best features is the best configuration for a
   TinyML-based IDS. This underscores its usefulness in detecting cyberattacks
   in IoT settings.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE arduino uno; bagging; boosting; internet of things; intrusion detection
   systems; tinyml

---

UT 331
AR Giordano M, 2025, IEEE SENSORS J, V25, P7858, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3424655
TI SepAl: Sepsis Alerts on Low-Power Wearables With Digital Biomarkers and On-
   Device Tiny Machine Learning
AU Giordano M; Dheman K; Magno M
TC 7
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2025
AB Sepsis is a lethal syndrome of organ dysfunction that is triggered by an
   infection and claims 11 million lives per year globally.  Prognostic
   algorithms based on deep learning have shown promise in detecting the onset
   of sepsis hours before the actual event but use a large number of
   biomarkers, including vital signs and laboratory tests.  The latter makes
   the deployment of such systems outside hospitals or in resource-limited
   environments extremely challenging.  This article introduces SepAl, an
   energy-efficient and lightweight neural network, using only data from low-
   power wearable sensors, such as photoplethysmography (PPG), inertial
   measurement units (IMUs), and body temperature sensors, designed to deliver
   alerts in real time.  SepAl leverages only six digitally acquirable vital
   signs and tiny machine learning (TinyML) algorithms, enabling on-device
   real-time sepsis prediction.  SepAl uses a lightweight temporal convolution
   neural network capable of providing sepsis alerts with a median predicted
   time to sepsis of 9.8 h.  The model has been fully quantized, being able to
   be deployed on any low-power processors and evaluated on an ARM Cortex-M33
   core.  Experimental evaluations show an inference efficiency of 0.11
   MAC/Cycle and a latency of 143 ms, with an energy per inference of 2.68 mJ.
   This work aims at paving the way toward accurate disease prediction,
   deployable in a long-lasting multivital sign wearable device, suitable for
   providing sepsis onset alerts at the point of care.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE edge computing; sepsis onset; smart sensors; tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   ); wearable devices
ID deep neural networks; digital devices; edge computing; energy efficiency;
   learning algorithms; low power electronics; edge computing; machine
   learning; mimic; predictive models; sepsis; sepsis onset; tiny machine
   learning; wearable devices; wearable sensors

---

UT 419
AR Velasquez JD, 2025, NEUROCOMPUTING, V648, DOI 10.1016/j.neucom.2025.130746
TI Emerging trends and strategic opportunities in tiny machine learning: A
   comprehensive thematic analysis
AU Velasquez JD; Cadavid L; Franco CJ
TC 7
SO NEUROCOMPUTING
PY 2025
AB This study comprehensively reviews 779 Scopus-indexed documents, critically
   analyzing the trends, challenges, and opportunities in Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML). Through thematic analysis, 21 key themes are identified, covering
   areas such as edge computing, deep learning, IoT integration,
   microcontroller efficiency, and energy utilization.  Unlike previous reviews
   focusing on specific domains or applications, this study adopts a text
   mining-based thematic approach to identify cross-sector research patterns
   and uncover underexplored areas.  This positions the review as a broad yet
   deep mapping of the TinyML landscape.  By synthesizing insights from the
   literature, this research highlights strategic opportunities, future
   directions, and technological advancements necessary to expand the
   application of TinyML in resource-constrained environments, neural networks,
   and real-time systems.  The review also identifies key challenges such as
   balancing accuracy and energy efficiency in low-power devices, optimizing
   on-device learning, and ensuring data privacy without cloud dependency.  In
   doing so, it outlines actionable directions for future research, including
   scalable deployment in large-scale IoT systems and application expansion
   into areas such as UAV security and smart cities.  The findings are crucial
   for advancing AI applications in low-power, embedded systems and contribute
   to the growing body of knowledge on TinyML. © 2025 The Authors
DE deep learning; edge computing; internet of things ( iot ); microcontroller
   efficiency; neural networks; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID data mining; data privacy; deep neural networks; embedded systems; energy
   efficiency; energy utilization; green computing; interactive computer
   systems; internet of things; learning systems; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; real-time systems; deep learning; edge computing; energy;
   internet of thing; machine learning; microcontroller efficiency; neural
   networks; strategic opportunity; thematic analysis; tiny machine learning;
   artificial intelligence software; data privacy; deep learning; diagnosis;
   human; internet of things; learning; machine learning; nerve cell network;
   short survey; thematic analysis; edge computing

---

UT 435
AR Shaushenova A, 2025, TECHNOL, V13, DOI 10.3390/technologies13040155
TI Implementation of Kolmogorov–Arnold Networks for Efficient Image Processing
   in Resource-Constrained Internet of Things Devices
AU Shaushenova A; Kuznetsov O; Nurpeisova A; Ongarbayeva M
TC 7
SO TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB This research investigates the implementation of Kolmogorov–Arnold networks
   (KANs) for image processing in resource-constrained IoTs devices.  KANs
   represent a novel neural network architecture that offers significant
   advantages over traditional deep learning approaches, particularly in
   applications where computational resources are limited.  Our study
   demonstrates the efficiency of KAN-based solutions for image analysis tasks
   in IoTs environments, providing comparative performance metrics against
   conventional convolutional neural networks.  The experimental results
   indicate substantial improvements in processing speed and memory utilization
   while maintaining competitive accuracy.  This work contributes to the
   advancement of AI-driven IoTs applications by proposing optimized KAN-based
   implementations suitable for edge computing scenarios.  The findings have
   important implications for IoTs deployment in smart infrastructure,
   environmental monitoring, and industrial automation where efficient image
   processing is critical.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE computer vision; efficient inference; hybrid neural architectures;
   kolmogorov-arnold networks; lightweight neural networks; person detection;
   resource-constrained computing; tinyml; visual wake words
ID convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; edge detection; image
   coding; image compression; image correlation; optical flows; efficient
   inference; hybrid neural architecture; kolmogorov; kolmogorov-arnold
   network; lightweight neural network; neural architectures; neural networks;
   person detection; resource-constrained computing; tinyml; visual wake word;
   photointerpretation

---

UT 444
AR Behera AP, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P37456, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3583477
TI Exploring the Boundaries of On-Device Inference: When Tiny Falls Short, Go
   Hierarchical
AU Behera AP; Daubaris P; Bravo I; Gallego J; Morabito R; Widmer J; Champati JP
TC 7
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB On-device inference offers significant benefits in edge ML systems, such as
   improved energy efficiency, responsiveness, and privacy, compared to
   traditional centralized approaches.  However, the resource constraints of
   embedded devices limit their use to simple inference tasks, creating a
   tradeoff between efficiency and capability.  In this context, the
   hierarchical inference (HI) system has emerged as a promising solution that
   augments the capabilities of the local ML by offloading selected samples to
   an edge server/cloud for remote ML inference.  Existing works, primarily
   based on simulations, demonstrate that HI improves accuracy.  However, they
   fail to account for the latency and energy consumption in real-world
   deployments, nor do they consider three key heterogeneous components that
   characterize ML-enabled IoT systems, such as hardware, network connectivity,
   and models.  To bridge this gap, this article systematically evaluates HI
   against standalone on-device inference by analyzing accuracy, latency, and
   energy tradeoffs across five devices and three image classification
   datasets.  Our findings show that, for a given accuracy requirement, the HI
   approach we designed achieved up to 73% lower latency and up to 77% lower
   device energy consumption than an on-device inference system.  Despite these
   gains, HI introduces a fixed energy and latency overhead from on-device
   inference for all samples.  To address this, we propose a hybrid system
   called early exit with HI (EE-HI) and demonstrate that, compared to HI, EE-
   HI reduces the latency up to 59.7% and lowers the device’s energy
   consumption up to 60.4%. These findings demonstrate the potential of HI and
   EE-HI to enable more efficient ML in IoT systems.  © 2025 IEEE. All rights
   reserved.
DE early-exit ( ee ); hierarchical inference ( hi ); machine learning; on-
   device inference; processing time and energy measurements; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); edge computing; energy efficiency; energy
   utilization; green computing; human computer interaction; hybrid integrated
   circuits; hybrid systems; image classification; learning systems; real-time
   systems; early-exit; energy; energy-consumption; hierarchical inference;
   machine learning; on-device inference; processing time; processing time and
   energy measurement; tinyml; trade off; economic and social effects

---

UT 450
AR Tumialis P, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14010014
TI The Impact of 8- and 4-Bit Quantization on the Accuracy and Silicon Area
   Footprint of Tiny Neural Networks
AU Tumialis P; Skierkowski M; Przychodny J; Obszarski P
TC 7
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB In the field of embedded and edge devices, efforts have been made to make
   deep neural network models smaller due to the limited size of the available
   memory and the low computational efficiency.  Typical model footprints are
   under 100 KB. However, for some applications, models of this size are too
   large.  In low-voltage sensors, signals must be processed, classified or
   predicted with an order of magnitude smaller memory.  Model downsizing can
   be performed by limiting the number of model parameters or quantizing their
   weights.  These types of operations have a negative impact on the accuracy
   of the deep network.  This study tested the effect of model downscaling
   techniques on accuracy.  The main idea was to reduce neural network models
   to 3 k parameters or less.  Tests were conducted on three different neural
   network architectures in the context of three separate research problems,
   modeling real tasks for small networks.  The impact of the reduction in the
   accuracy of the network depends mainly on its initial size.  For a network
   reduced from 40 k parameters, a decrease in accuracy of 16 percentage points
   was achieved, and for a network with 20 k parameters, a decrease of 8 points
   was achieved.  To obtain the best results, knowledge distillation and
   quantization-aware training methods were used for training.  Thanks to this,
   the accuracy of the 4-bit networks did not differ significantly from the
   8-bit ones and their results were approximately four percentage points worse
   than those of the full precision networks.  For the fully connected network,
   synthesis to ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit) was also
   performed to demonstrate the reduction in the silicon area occupied by the
   model.  The 4-bit quantization limits the silicon area footprint by 90%. ©
   2024 by the authors.
DE convolutional neural network; model accuracy; quantized neural network;
   silicon area; tiny machine learning

---

UT 14
AR Adnane M, 2025, IEEE TRANS TRANSP ELECTRIF, V11, P10225, DOI
   10.1109/TTE.2025.3559705
TI Comparative Study of Embedded Energy Management Methods Based on Machine
   Learning for Dual-Source Electric Vehicles
AU Adnane M; Nguyen B-H; Khoumsi A; Trovao JPF
TC 6
SO IEEE TRANS TRANSP ELECTRIF
PY 2025
AB In the actual context of dual-source electric vehicles (DSEVs), efficient
   energy management strategies (EMSs) are essential to optimize energy
   distribution between batteries and supercapacitors (SCs). However, achieving
   real-time decision-making and adaptability in resource-constrained
   environments remains a significant challenge.  This study addresses these
   challenges by comparing two advanced machine learning (ML)-based EMSs:
   driving mode predictor-based EMS (DMP-EMS) and multiensemble learning-based
   EMS (MEL-EMS). Using signal hardware-in-the-loop (S-HIL) simulation and a
   Raspberry Pi 4 platform, the two EMSs are evaluated based on various
   criteria, including performance accuracy, model complexity, training and
   prediction times, required computing resources, scalability, and energy
   consumption.  The findings highlight the tradeoffs between these EMSs,
   offering insights into designing tailored EMSs for DSEVs under varying
   operational demands.  While MEL-EMS excels in environments where prediction
   accuracy is paramount since it offers superior predictive performance
   suitable for applications demanding high accuracy and scalability, DMP-EMS
   provides a more efficient and practical solution for real-time energy
   management in resource-constrained settings.  © IEEE. 2015 IEEE.
DE driving mode predictor-based energy management strategy ( dmp-ems ); dual-
   source electric vehicle ( dsev ); electric vehicle ( ev ); embedded-system (
   es ); ems; machine learning ( ml ); microcontroller unit ( mcu ); multi-
   ensemble learning-based ems ( mel-ems ); raspberry pi; tinyml energy storage
   systems
ID analog storage; decision making; digital storage; energy management; energy
   utilization; strategic planning; driving mode; driving mode predictor-based
   energy management strategy; dual-source; dual-source electric vehicle;
   electric vehicle; embedded-system; energy; energy management strategy;
   ensemble learning; machine learning; machine learning; management
   strategies; microcontroller unit; multi-ensemble learning-based energy
   management strategy; raspberry pi; tinyml; hardware-in-the-loop simulation

---

UT 83
AR Baciu V-E, 2025, FUTUR INTERNET, V17, DOI 10.3390/fi17020085
TI Secure Tiny Machine Learning on Edge Devices: A Lightweight Dual Attestation
   Mechanism for Machine Learning
AU Baciu V-E; Braeken A; Segers L; Silva BD
TC 6
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2025
AB Emerging edge devices are transforming the Internet of Things (IoT) by
   enabling more responsive and efficient interactions between physical objects
   and digital networks.  These devices support diverse applications, from
   health-monitoring wearables to environmental sensors, by moving data
   processing closer to the source.  Traditional IoT systems rely heavily on
   centralized servers, but advances in edge computing and Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) now allow for on-device processing, enhancing battery
   efficiency and reducing latency.  While this shift improves privacy, the
   distributed nature of edge devices introduces new security challenges,
   particularly regarding TinyML models, which are designed for low-power
   environments and may be vulnerable to tampering or unauthorized access.
   Since other IoT entities depend on the data generated by these models,
   ensuring trust in the devices is essential.  To address this, we propose a
   lightweight dual attestation mechanism utilizing Entity Attestation Tokens
   (EATs) to validate the device and ML model integrity.  This approach
   enhances security by enabling verified device-to-device communication,
   supports seamless integration with secure cloud services, and allows for
   flexible, authorized ML model updates, meeting modern IoT systems’
   scalability and compliance needs.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge ai; edge devices; federated learning; iot security; remote attestation;
   tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; metadata; digital
   networks; diverse applications; edge ai; edge device; efficient interaction;
   internet of thing security; machine learning; physical objects; remote
   attestation; tiny machine learning; federated learning

---

UT 88
AR Moosmann J, 2025, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V15645 LNCS, P262, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-91989-3_17
TI Ultra-Efficient On-Device Object Detection on AI-Integrated Smart Glasses
   with TinyissimoYOLO
AU Moosmann J; Bonazzi P; Li Y/1; Bian S; Mayer P; Benini L; Magno M
TC 6
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB Smart glasses are rapidly gaining advanced functions thanks to cutting-edge
   computing technologies, especially accelerated hardware architectures, and
   tiny Artificial IntelligenceAI algorithms.  However, integrating AI into
   smart glasses featuring a small form factor and limited battery capacity
   remains challenging for a satisfactory user experience.  To this end, this
   paper proposes the design of a smart glasses platform for always-on on-
   device object detection with an all-day battery lifetime.  The proposed
   platform is based on GAP9, a novel multi-core RISC-V processor from
   Greenwaves Technologies.  Additionally, a family of sub-million parameter
   TinyissimoYOLO networks are proposed.  They are benchmarked on established
   datasets, capable of differentiating up to 80 classes on MS-COCO.
   Evaluations on the smart glasses prototype demonstrate TinyissimoYOLO’s
   inference latency of only 17 ms and consuming 1.59 mJ energy per inference.
   An end-to-end latency of 56 ms is achieved which is equivalent to 18 frames
   per seconds (FPS) with a total power consumption of 62.9 mW. This ensures
   continuous system runtime of up to 9.3 h on a 154 mAh battery.  These
   results outperform MCUNet (TinyNAS+TinyEngine), which runs a simpler task
   (image classification) at just 7.3 FPS, while the 18 FPS achieved in this
   paper even include image-capturing, network inference, and detection post-
   processing.  The algorithm’s code is released open with this paper and can
   be found here: github.com/ETH-PBL/TinyissimoYOLO. © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE aiot; edge processing; image processing; neural networks; object detection;
   smart glasses; system design; tinyml; yolo
ID image coding; image compression; optical flows; aiot; edge processing;
   frames per seconds; images processing; neural networks; objects detection;
   smart glass; tinyml; ultra-efficient; yolo; photointerpretation

---

UT 225
AR Byabazaire J, 2025, INTERNET THINGS Z TECHNOL APPL, P193, DOI
   10.1002/9781394280490.ch8
TI Deep Learning and the Internet of Things: Applications, Challenges, and
   Opportunities
AU Byabazaire J; Tirana J; Chouliaras A; Koutsos V; Aslanidis T; Panagiotidis
   I; Chatzopoulos D
TC 6
SO INTERNET THINGS Z TECHNOL APPL
PY 2025
AB The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things
   (IoT), referred to as AIoT, represents a significant advancement in modern
   technology.  The collaboration between these two technologies fundamentally
   transforms how devices connect to each other and how information is
   processed, communicated, and acted upon in cyber‐physical systems.  This
   chapter first provides a comprehensive understanding of major AI categories
   and their subcategories.  Next, the use of these main AI categories in IoT
   domains is discussed.  Furthermore, we explore AI‐based applications across
   various software and hardware aspects of IoT. While bringing tremendous
   advantages, the integration of AI with IoT also incurs significant
   challenges.  This chapter covers the main challenges in the integration of
   AI with IoT, including data privacy, security, and ethical considerations.
   Ultimately, through discussions on these key advances related to AIoT
   technologies, we aim to explore this technology integration to offer a
   comprehensive understanding of its potential and effects.  © 2026 The
   Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
DE deep learning; digital twins; edge computing; edge intelligence; internet of
   things; metaverse; tinyml
ID application programs; data privacy; edge computing; embedded systems;
   integration; internet of things; cybe-physical systems; cyber-physical
   systems; deep learning; edge computing; edge intelligence; metaverses;
   modern technologies; security considerations; software and hardwares;
   tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 271
AR Sharma A/2, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0329227
TI An optimized stacking-based TinyML model for attack detection in IoT
   networks
AU Sharma A/2; Rani S; Shabaz M
TC 6
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB With the expansion of Internet of Things (IoT) devices, security is an
   important issue as attacks are constantly gaining more complex.  Traditional
   attack detection methods in IoT systems have difficulty being able to
   process real-time and access limitations.  To address these challenges, a
   stacking-based Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models has been proposed for
   attack detection in IoT networks.  This ensures detection efficiently and
   without additional computational overhead.  The experiments have been
   conducted using the publicly available ToN-IoT dataset, comprising a total
   of 461,008 labeled instances with 10 types of attacks categories.  Some
   amount of data preprocessing has been done applying methods such as label
   encoding, feature selection, and data standardization.  A stacking ensemble
   learning technique uses multiple models combining lightweight Decision Tree
   (DT) and small Neural Network (NN) to aggregate power of the system and
   generalize.  The performance of the model is evaluated by accuracy,
   precision, recall, F1-score, specificity, and false positive rate (FPR).
   Experimental results demonstrate that the stacked TinyML model is superior
   to traditional ML methods in terms of efficiency and detection performance,
   and its accuracy rate is 99.98%. It has an average inference latency of 0.12
   ms and an estimated power consumption of 0.01 mW. © 2025 Sharma et al.  This
   is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative
   Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution,
   and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are
   credited.
ID algorithms; computer security; internet of things; machine learning; models
   theoretical; neural networks computer; accuracy; article; artificial
   intelligence; artificial neural network; attack detection; controlled study;
   convolutional neural network; decision tree; deep belief network; deep
   learning; diagnostic test accuracy study; feature selection; incidence;
   internet of things; long short-term memory network; machine learning;
   multilayer perceptron; network analysis; power analysis; power consumption;
   random forest; sensitivity and specificity; stacking based tiny machine
   learning model; algorithm; computer security; theoretical model

---

UT 346
AR de la Fuente R, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P59480, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3557405
TI Enhancing Predictive Maintenance in Mining Mobile Machinery Through a
   Hierarchical Inference Network
AU de la Fuente R; Radrigan L; Morales AS
TC 6
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Mining mobile machinery in non-stationary operations faces high levels of
   wear and unpredictable stress, posing significant challenges for predictive
   maintenance (PdM). This paper introduces a hierarchical inference network
   for PdM consisting on edge sensor devices, gateways, and cloud services for
   real-time condition monitoring.  The system dynamically can adjusts
   inference locations – on-device, on-gateway, or on-cloud – based on trade-
   offs between real-time demands and conditions such as accuracy, latency, and
   battery range.  The edge-based architecture enables rapid decision-making
   directly on-sensor or on-gateway, achieving classification accuracies above
   90% while reducing latency up to 30% and power consumption on sensor nodes
   by approximately 45% regarding the cloud inference mode.  This is critical
   to ensure machinery uptime in remote, rugged environments.  The use of Tiny-
   Machine-Learning (TinyML) optimization approaches allow optimal accuracy and
   model compression for efficient deployment of deep learning models on IoT
   edge devices with limited hardware resources.  The ESN-PdM hierarchical
   framework offers a scalable and adaptive solution for reliable condition
   monitoring and anomaly detection, contributing to advancing technology in
   PdM frameworks for real-world industrial applications.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE cloud computing; deep learning; edge computing; heavy machinery; internet of
   things; predictive maintenance; tinyml
ID mobile edge computing; cloud computing; condition; deep learning; edge
   computing; heavy machinery; inference network; machine learning; mobile
   machinery; predictive maintenance; tiny machine learning; predictive
   maintenance

---

UT 375
AR Yahyati C, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P204513, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3633575
TI A Systematic Review of State-of-the-Art TinyML Applications in Healthcare,
   Education, and Transportation
AU Yahyati C; Lamaakal I; Maleh Y; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Almousa M; Abd El-
   Latif AA
TC 6
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has emerged as a transformative paradigm
   enabling machine learning inference directly on ultra-low-power
   microcontrollers and edge devices.  As AI expands beyond cloud computing to
   resource-constrained environments, TinyML offers promising solutions for
   latency-sensitive, bandwidth-efficient, and privacy-preserving applications.
   This paper presents a Systematic review of state-of-the-art TinyML
   applications across three critical domains: healthcare, education, and
   transportation.  By analyzing 136 peer-reviewed publications from 2020 to
   2025, we identify key trends, representative use cases, and the enabling
   technologies that support domain-specific deployments.  Our review evaluates
   software frameworks, hardware platforms, model optimization techniques
   (e.g., quantization, pruning, and neural architecture search), and real-
   world deployment challenges such as energy consumption, memory limitations,
   and explainability.  We further synthesize the metrics used to assess TinyML
   systems and highlight open research questions.  Unlike previous surveys, our
   domain-centric approach offers a deeper contextual analysis of how TinyML is
   being adapted to solve real-world problems across diverse sectors.  We
   conclude by outlining future directions and practical insights to guide
   researchers and practitioners in designing scalable, resilient, and
   ethically grounded TinyML systems.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE edge ai; edge intelligence; edge machine learning; embedded systems;
   internet of things; model compression; tinyml
ID arts computing; data privacy; distributed computer systems; ethical aspects;
   green computing; internet of things; learning systems; machine learning;
   edge ai; edge intelligence; edge machine learning; embedded-system; machine
   learning; model compression; state of the art; systematic review; tiny
   machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 424
AR Yaacoub M, 2025, IEEE SENSORS LET, V9, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2025.3548264
TI Wearable Multisensory Glove for Shape, Size, and Stiffness Recognition Based
   on Off-the-Shelf Components
AU Yaacoub M; Ibrahim A; Khansa F; Hammadi L; Gianoglio C
TC 6
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2025
AB This letter presents a wearable multisensory glove that integrates
   commercial sensors, off-the-shelf components, and an embedded machine
   learning (ML) approach for object recognition.  Sixteen printed objects,
   categorized by shape, size, and stiffness, were examined using the developed
   system.  Time-domain features and raw data fed ML algorithms including
   single-layer feed-forward neural network, multilayer perceptron (MLP), and
   1-D convolution neural network (1D-CNN). The algorithms were deployed on a
   low-cost Arduino Nano 33 BLE sense edge device for real-time recognition.
   Results demonstrate that 1D-CNN achieved the highest classification accuracy
   of 99.2%, with an inference time of 167 ms while consuming only 2.8 mJ of
   energy per inference.  This study demonstrates the effectiveness of the
   proposed system in recognizing objects opening up interesting perspectives
   for various biomedical applications, such as poststroke rehabilitation.  ©
   2017 IEEE.
DE machine learning ( ml ); object recognition; sensor applications; sensor
   systems; tinyml; wearable glove
ID convolutional neural networks; wearable sensors; commercial sensors;
   embedded machines; machine learning; machine learning; multisensory; objects
   recognition; off-the-shelf components; sensor systems; tinyml; wearable
   glove; multilayer neural networks

---

UT 443
AR Huang Z/2, 2025, ANN TELECOMMUN, V80, P283, DOI 10.1007/s12243-024-01041-5
TI RIOT-ML: toolkit for over-the-air secure updates and performance evaluation
   of TinyML models
AU Huang Z/2; Zandberg K; Schleiser K; Baccelli E/1
TC 6
SO ANN TELECOMMUN
PY 2025
AB Practitioners in the field of TinyML lack so far a comprehensive,
   “batteries-included” toolkit to streamline continuous integration,
   continuous deployment and performance assessments of executing diverse
   machine learning models on various low-power IoT hardware.  Addressing this
   gap, our paper introduces RIOT-ML, a versatile toolkit crafted to assist IoT
   designers and researchers in these tasks.  To this end, we designed RIOT-ML
   based on an integration of an array of functionalities from a low-power
   embedded OS, a universal model transpiler and compiler, a toolkit for TinyML
   performance measurement, and a low-power over-the-air secure update
   framework—all of which usable on an open-access IoT testbed available to the
   community.  Our open-source implementation of RIOT-ML and the initial
   experiments we report on showcase its utility in experimentally evaluating
   TinyML model performance across fleets of low-power IoT boards under test in
   the field, featuring a wide spectrum of heterogeneous microcontroller
   architectures and fleet network connectivity configurations.  The existence
   of an open-source toolkit such as RIOT-ML is essential to expedite research
   combining artificial intelligence and IoT and to foster the full realization
   of edge computing’s potential.  © The Author(s) 2024.
DE ai; benchmarks; iot; low power; machine learning; microcontroller; mlops;
   software update
ID benchmarking; computing power; internet of things; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; open source software; benchmark; continuous integrations;
   iot; low power; machine learning; mlop; over the airs; performances
   evaluation; secure updates; software updates; machine learning

---

UT 464
AR Henkmann J, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25020578
TI Tiny Machine Learning Implementation for Guided Wave-Based Damage
   Localization
AU Henkmann J; Memmolo V; Moll J
TC 6
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB This work leverages ultrasonic guided waves (UGWs) to detect and localize
   damage in structures using lightweight Artificial Intelligence (AI) models.
   It investigates the use of machine learning (ML) to train the effects of the
   damage on UGWs to the model.  To reduce the number of trainable parameters,
   a physical signal processing approach is applied to the raw data before
   passing the data to the model.  Starting from current state of the art in
   algorithms used for damage detection and localization, an AI-based technique
   is developed and validated on an experimental benchmark dataset before tiny
   ML implementation on a low-cost development board.  A discussion of the need
   for a balance between the reduction in computational resources and
   increasing the precision of the models is also reported.  It is shown that
   by extracting simple features of the signal, the models required to predict
   the damage locations can be significantly reduced in size while still having
   high accuracies of over 90%. In addition, it is possible to use these
   predictions to construct a fairly accurate heat map indicating the likely
   damage locations.  Finally, a convenient edge/cloud visualization of the
   results can be achieved by simplifying the heat map.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge ai; machine learning; structural health monitoring; tiny device;
   ultrasonic guided waves
ID adversarial machine learning; benchmarking; ultrasonic testing; ultrasonic
   waves; damage localization; damage location; edge artificial intelligence;
   health monitoring; heat maps; intelligence models; machine learning;
   structural health; tiny device; ultrasonic guided wave; algorithm; article;
   artificial intelligence; benchmarking; drug analysis; health survey; heat;
   machine learning; male; prediction; signal processing; ultrasound; guided
   electromagnetic wave propagation

---

UT 885
AR Hing KK, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1316 LNNS, P476, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-3949-6_40
TI Edge Intelligence for Wildlife Conservation: Real-Time Hornbill Call
   Classification Using TinyML
AU Hing KK; Behjati M; Saleh V; Meng YK; Majeed APPA; Zheng Y
TC 6
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB Hornbills, an iconic species of Malaysia's biodiversity, face threats from
   habitat loss, poaching, and environmental changes, necessitating accurate
   and real-time population monitoring that is traditionally challenging and
   resource intensive.  The emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) offers
   a chance to transform wildlife monitoring by enabling efficient, real-time
   data analysis directly on edge devices.  Addressing the challenge of
   wildlife conservation, this research paper explores the pivotal role of
   machine learning, specifically TinyML, in the classification and monitoring
   of hornbill calls in Malaysia.  Leveraging audio data from the Xeno-canto
   database, the study aims to develop a speech recognition system capable of
   identifying and classifying hornbill vocalizations.  The proposed
   methodology involves preprocessing the audio data, extracting features using
   Mel-Frequency Energy (MFE), and deploying the model on an Arduino Nano 33
   BLE, which is adept at edge computing.  The research encompasses
   foundational work, including a comprehensive introduction, literature
   review, and methodology.  The model is trained using Edge Impulse and
   validated through real-world tests, achieving high accuracy in hornbill
   species identification.  The project underscores the potential of TinyML for
   environmental monitoring and its broader application in ecological
   conservation efforts, contributing to both the field of TinyML and wildlife
   conservation.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE edge computing; hornbill; machine learning; tinyml; wildlife conservation
ID abiotic; adversarial machine learning; biodiversity; invertebrates;
   livestock; audio data; edge computing; edge intelligence; hornbill; machine
   learning; malaysia; real- time; tiny machine learning; wildlife
   conservation; environmental monitoring

---

UT 22
AR Almadhor A, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-90809-3
TI CTDNN-Spoof: compact tiny deep learning architecture for detection and
   multi-label classification of GPS spoofing attacks in small UAVs
AU Almadhor A; Baili J; Alsubai S; Al Hejaili A; Kulhanek R; Abbas S
TC 5
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB GPS spoofing presents a significant threat to small Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
   (UAVs) by manipulating navigation systems, potentially causing safety risks,
   privacy violations, and mission disruptions.  Effective countermeasures
   include secure GPS signal authentication, anti-spoofing technologies, and
   continuous monitoring to detect and respond to such threats.  Safeguarding
   small UAVs from GPS spoofing is crucial for their reliable operation in
   applications such as surveillance, agriculture, and environmental
   monitoring.  In this paper, we propose a compact, tiny deep learning
   architecture named CTDNN-Spoof for detecting and multi-label classifying GPS
   spoofing attacks in small UAVs.  The architecture utilizes a sequential
   neural network with 64 neurons in the input layer (ReLU activation), 32
   neurons in the hidden layer (ReLU activation), and 4 neurons in the output
   layer (linear activation), optimized with the Adam optimizer.  We use Mean
   Squared Error (MSE) loss for regression and accuracy for evaluation.  First,
   early stopping with a patience of 10 epochs is implemented to improve
   training efficiency and restore the best weights.  Furthermore, the model is
   also trained for 50 epochs, and its performance is assessed using a separate
   validation set.  Additionally, we use two other models to compare with the
   CTDNN-Spoof in terms of complexity, loss, and accuracy.  The proposed CTDNN-
   Spoof demonstrates varying accuracies across different labels, with the
   proposed architecture achieving the highest performance and promising time
   complexity.  These results highlight the model’s effectiveness in mitigating
   GPS spoofing threats in UAVs.  This innovative approach provides a scalable,
   real-time solution to enhance UAV security, surpassing traditional methods
   in precision and adaptability.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE autonomous vehicle; deep neural network; global positioning systems; machine
   learning; spoofing attacks; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs )
ID article; autonomous vehicle; controlled study; deep learning; deep neural
   network; diagnosis; environmental monitoring; environmental surveillance;
   global navigation satellite system; human; machine learning; mean squared
   error; multilabel classification; navigation system; nerve cell network;
   unmanned aerial vehicle

---

UT 112
AR Trigkas A, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14142890
TI Edge Intelligence in Urban Landscapes: Reviewing TinyML Applications for
   Connected and Sustainable Smart Cities
AU Trigkas A; Piromalis D; Papageorgas P
TC 5
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) extends edge AI capabilities to resource-
   constrained devices, offering a promising solution for real-time, low-power
   intelligence in smart cities.  This review systematically analyzes 66 peer-
   reviewed studies from 2019 to 2024, covering applications across urban
   mobility, environmental monitoring, public safety, waste management, and
   infrastructure health.  We examine hardware platforms and machine learning
   models, with particular attention to power-efficient deployment and data
   privacy.  We review the approaches employed in published studies for
   deploying machine learning models on resource-constrained hardware,
   emphasizing the most commonly used communication technologies—while noting
   the limited uptake of low-power options such as Low Power Wide Area Networks
   (LPWANs). We also discuss hardware–software co-design strategies that enable
   sustainable operation.  Furthermore, we evaluate the alignment of these
   deployments with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs),
   highlighting both their contributions and existing gaps in current
   practices.  This review identifies recurring technical patterns,
   methodological challenges, and underexplored opportunities, particularly in
   the areas of hardware provisioning, usage of inherent privacy benefits in
   relevant applications, communication technologies, and dataset practices,
   offering a roadmap for future TinyML research and deployment in smart urban
   systems.  Among the 66 studies examined, 29 focused on mobility and
   transportation, 17 on public safety, 10 on environmental sensing, 6 on waste
   management, and 4 on infrastructure monitoring.  TinyML was deployed on
   constrained microcontrollers in 32 studies, while 36 used optimized models
   for resource-limited environments.  Energy harvesting, primarily solar, was
   featured in 6 studies, and low-power communication networks were used in 5.
   Public datasets were used in 27 studies, custom datasets in 24, and the
   remainder relied on hybrid or simulated data.  Only one study explicitly
   referenced SDGs, and 13 studies considered privacy in their system design.
   © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge ai; iot; low power embedded systems; on-device inference; sdg; smart
   cities; sustainable computing; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID computer hardware; data communication systems; data privacy; distributed
   computer systems; ecodesign; embedded systems; environmental management;
   hardware-software codesign; internet of things; learning systems; low power
   electronics; machine learning; sustainable development; edge ai; iot; low
   power; low power embedded systems; machine learning models; machine
   learning; on-device inference; public safety; sustainable computing; tiny
   machine learning; smart city

---

UT 120
AR Krayden A, 2025, CHEMOSENS, V13, DOI 10.3390/chemosensors13070223
TI TinyML-Based Real-Time Drift Compensation for Gas Sensors Using
   Spectral–Temporal Neural Networks
AU Krayden A; Avraham M; Ashkar H; Blank T/1; Stolyarova S/1; Nemirovsky Y
TC 5
SO CHEMOSENS
PY 2025
AB The implementation of low-cost sensitive and selective gas sensors for
   monitoring fruit ripening and quality strongly depends on their long-term
   stability.  Gas sensor drift undermines the long-term reliability of low-
   cost sensing platforms, particularly in precision agriculture.  We present a
   real-time drift compensation framework based on a lightweight Temporal
   Convolutional Neural Network (TCNN) combined with a Hadamard spectral
   transform.  The model operates causally on incoming sensor data, achieving a
   mean absolute error below 1 mV on long-term recordings (equivalent to <1
   particle per million (ppm) gas concentration). Through quantization, we
   compress the model by over 70%, without sacrificing accuracy.  Demonstrated
   on a combustion-type gas sensor system (dubbed GMOS) for ethylene
   monitoring, our approach enables continuous, drift-corrected operation
   without the need for recalibration or dependence on cloud-based services,
   offering a generalizable solution for embedded environmental sensing—in food
   transportation containers, cold storage facilities, de-greening rooms and
   directly in the field.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE convolutional neural networks; gas sensor drift; hadamard transform; real-
   time signal processing; spectral filtering; time series analysis; tinyml
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; digital storage; distributed
   computer systems; ethylene; filtration; food storage; gas detectors;
   precision agriculture; convolutional neural network; gas sensor drift; gas-
   sensors; hadamard; real- time; real-time signal processing; sensor drift;
   spectral filtering; time series analysis; tinyml; hadamard transforms; time
   series analysis

---

UT 124
AR Vu TP, 2025, NONDESTR TEST EVAL, V40, P1797, DOI
   10.1080/10589759.2024.2360052
TI Hidden corrosion detection in aircraft structures with a lightweight
   magnetic convolutional neural network
AU Vu TP; Luong VS; Le M
TC 5
SO NONDESTR TEST EVAL
PY 2025
AB Detection of hidden corrosion within aircraft structures poses a significant
   challenge in non-destructive testing (NDT) methodologies, particularly in
   the electromagnetic testing (ET) method.  In the contemporary era of Deep
   Learning, the imperative for intelligent NDT systems to employ lightweight
   models becomes apparent, facilitating their operational feasibility without
   the necessity of extensive computational resources or high-end
   configurations.  In this paper, we propose a Lightweight Magnetic
   Convolutional Neural Network (LMagNet) model tailored for the efficient
   processing of electromagnetic signals from corrosion.  The proposed LMagNet
   model achieves better performance compared to other lightweight models such
   as ShuffleNet, SqueezeNet, and MobileNet structures.  The model archives an
   accuracy of 92% with only 16K parameters when being evaluated on hidden
   corrosion of aircraft structure, having volumes from 2.8 to 195.4 mm3. The
   model size is about 224×, 67×, and 96× smaller compared to the ShuffleNet
   G1, SqueezeNet Complex, and MobileNet V3 models.  When deploying on low-
   resource microcontrollers (i.e.  STM32 MCUs), the LMagNet model requires
   only 90kB of flash and 36kB of RAM, allowing it to run within 40 ms per
   prediction.  In addition, we employed explainable techniques to interpret
   how the decision-making process of the model is made to achieve reliable
   results.  © 2024 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE aircraft corrosion; cnn; electromagnetic testing; microcontroller; tinyml
ID aircraft detection; aircraft manufacture; airframes; convolution; corrosion;
   decision making; deep learning; electromagnetic fields; microcontrollers;
   nondestructive examination; aircraft corrosions; aircraft structure;
   convolutional neural network; corrosion detection; electromagnetic testing;
   hidden corrosion; neural network model; nondestructive testing; shufflenets;
   tinyml; neural network models

---

UT 134
AR Tummala VMR, 2025, ICCECE - INT CONF COMPUT ELECTR COMMUN ENG, DOI
   10.1109/ICCECE61355.2025.10941453
TI TinyML for Edge Networks: Challenges and Future Directions
AU Tummala VMR; Korada S; Lingamallu SP; Hari BS; Hazra A
TC 5
SO ICCECE - INT CONF COMPUT ELECTR COMMUN ENG
PY 2025
AB TinyML, deploying low-complexity Machine Learning (ML) models on
   microcontroller units, which have constrained the availability of resources,
   is revolutionizing the technologies for extremely low-end devices.  This
   study investigates the importance, categorization, and uses of TinyML in
   edge networks, providing an overview of workflow and the importance of
   different compression techniques.  TinyML can be applied in various
   industries such as healthcare, Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT), and
   agriculture where it demonstrates the capability of doing local data
   processing and fast decision making which means need to provide the results
   there on spot.  Nevertheless, TinyML encounters limitations and challenges
   such as interoperability, memory usage, energy efficiency, and
   standardization, which are also discussed in this article.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE internet of things; model compression techniques; tinyml; traditional ml
ID compression techniques; edge networks; lower complexity; machine learning
   models; machine learning; microcontroller unit; model compression; model
   compression technique; tinyml; traditional machine learning; decision making

---

UT 162
AR Vu CC, 2025, MEAS J INT MEAS CONFED, V253, DOI
   10.1016/j.measurement.2025.117799
TI Thin and flexible pressure sensors for classifying body signals enhanced by
   tiny machine learning algorithms
AU Vu CC; Nguyen TN; Nguyen MH
TC 5
SO MEAS J INT MEAS CONFED
PY 2025
AB Flexible pressure sensors are a trend that has attracted many scientists in
   recent years.  Among them, pressure sensors made from fabrics or fabric
   components are widely used due to their accessibility and diversity in
   structure.  However, current studies face many challenges in fabrication and
   signal processing to obtain helpful information and build a complete
   wearable system for e-healthcare.  To solve the above problems, we present a
   system consisting of soft pressure sensors from conductive fabrics and tiny
   machine-learning (tiny ML) algorithms for body signal monitoring
   applications.  The fabricated sensor achieves a small thickness of 0.75 mm,
   a good sensitivity of 0.16 kPa−1, and a fast response/recovery time of 70
   ms.  Besides, the flexible sensor's capabilities are optimized thanks to
   intelligent algorithms that help remove noises and track body signals in
   real-time.  In the pharyngeal movement classification scenario, the accuracy
   of the machine learning models is multilayer perceptron (98.43 %), k-nearest
   neighbors (98.43 %), and decision tree (95.28 %), respectively.  When the
   actions are increased, the accuracy of the multilayer perceptron model still
   reaches 96.78 %, and the classification time is speedy at only 24 ms.  The
   support of tiny ML algorithms has helped improve the accuracy and
   feasibility of the system.  The ML models are built and described in detail
   with a small size (<1 Mb), ensuring they can be deployed on small embedded
   boards with limited resources.  The most important contributions of the
   paper include two aspects: the soft pressure sensor with good
   performance/easy manufacturing process and the details of intelligent
   embedded machine learning models that improve the sensor performance in
   practical tasks.  The research represents a new trend in flexible healthcare
   technology development when data is processed at the network's edge −
   directly on endpoint devices.  We expect the work to become a highlight
   reference for more complete studies close to industrial production or
   commercial products.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE e-healthcare; embedded-system; flexible pressure sensor; real-time
   monitoring; tiny machine learning
ID k-nearest neighbors; partial pressure sensors; patient treatment; pressure
   sensors; random forests; textile processing; current; e-healthcare;
   embedded-system; flexible pressure sensors; machine learning algorithms;
   machine learning models; machine learning; multilayers perceptrons; real-
   time monitoring; tiny machine learning; mhealth

---

UT 207
AR Amenyedzi DK, 2025, AGRIC, V15, DOI 10.3390/agriculture15010010
TI System Design for a Prototype Acoustic Network to Deter Avian Pests in
   Agriculture Fields
AU Amenyedzi DK; Kazeneza M; Mwaisekwa II; Nzanywayingoma F; Nsengiyumva P;
   Bamurigire P; Ndashimye E; Vodacek A
TC 5
SO AGRIC
PY 2025
AB Crop damage attributed to pest birds is an important problem, particularly
   in low-income countries.  This paper describes a prototype system for pest
   bird detection using a Conv1D neural network model followed by scaring
   actions to reduce the presence of pest birds on farms.  Acoustic recorders
   were deployed on farms for data collection, supplemented by acoustic
   libraries.  The sounds of pest bird species were identified and labeled.
   The labeled data were used in Edge Impulse to train a tinyML Conv1D model to
   detect birds of interest.  The model was deployed on Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   Sense (nodes) and XIAO (Base station) microcontrollers to detect the pest
   birds, and based on the detection, scaring sounds were played to deter the
   birds.  The model achieved an accuracy of 96.1% during training and 92.99%
   during testing.  The testing F1 score was 0.94, and the ROC score was 0.99,
   signifying a good discriminatory ability of the model.  The prototype was
   able to make inferences in 53 ms using only 14.8 k of peak RAM and only 43.8
   K of flash memory to store the model.  Results from the prototype deployment
   in the field demonstrated successful detection and triggering actions and
   SMS messaging notifications.  Further development of this novel integrated
   and sustainable solution will add another tool for dealing with pest birds.
   © 2024 by the authors.
DE acoustic network; conv1d; edge; edge impulse; feature selection; mel-
   filterbank energy; pest birds; tinyml

---

UT 238
AR Ooko SO/1, 2025, SUSTAIN FUTUR, V10, DOI 10.1016/j.sftr.2025.100984
TI Application of machine learning for real-time water quality monitoring in
   developing countries: A review
AU Ooko SO/1; Cheptegei L; Karume SM
TC 5
SO SUSTAIN FUTUR
PY 2025
AB Access to clean water is important in ensuring environmental sustainability
   and public health.  However, water quality monitoring in developing
   countries faces significant challenges, which include; inadequate
   infrastructure, limited funding, and inadequate skilled personnel.
   Traditional water quality assessment methods are effective but are time-
   consuming and require extensive resources, limiting their applicability in
   developing countries.  The emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT)
   technologies and Machine Learning (ML) present opportunities that can be
   exploited for monitoring water quality in real-time.  Traditional reviews on
   ML-based water quality monitoring focus primarily on general ML models
   without considering real-time, low-power implementations in developing
   countries.  To fill the gap, this study systematically reviews the
   application of Machine Learning (ML) and the Internet of Things (IoT) for
   water quality monitoring, with a special focus on TinyML's potential for
   resource-constrained environments.  Unlike previous reviews, this study
   explores model optimization techniques, data limitations, and challenges in
   scaling ML-based solutions.  The key gaps identified include (1) the limited
   systematic reviews on ML for real-time water quality monitoring, (2) limited
   integration of TinyML into water quality solutions, and (3) insufficient
   exploration of the availability of localized datasets.  A conceptual model
   for real-time water quality monitoring is also proposed to address these
   gaps.  This work aims to guide the development of scalable, low-power ML
   models for water monitoring, especially in developing countries.  © 2025 The
   Authors
DE iot ( internet of things ); machine learning; resource-constrained
   environments; tinyml; water quality monitoring

---

UT 254
AR Thuppari C, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P334, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3475393
TI Energy-Aware Compression and Consumption Algorithms for Efficient TinyML
   Model Using Aquila Optimization in Industrial IoT
AU Thuppari C; Jannu S; Edla DR; Vidyarthi A; Agarwal KK; Alkhayyat A
TC 5
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB With the proliferation of Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) applications,
   the demand for energy efficient compression and clustering algorithms has
   escalated along with reliable routing algorithms.  This paper proposes a
   novel approach: an energy aware compression based cluster and routing
   algorithms leveraging efficient tiny machine learning (TinyML) model using
   Aquila optimization for enhanced performance in IIoT environments.  This
   approach aims to mitigate the challenges of energy and quality aware
   compression and energy consumption often encountered in IIoTs within
   underground coal mines.  By dynamically forming clusters of IoT devices
   based on their proximity and data compression, our approach distributes the
   data traffic evenly across the network, thus preventing congestion and
   prolonging network lifetime.  The integration of Aquila optimization further
   refines the routing decisions, optimizing the network’s overall performance.
   Through extensive simulations and comparative analysis, proposed method
   demonstrates superior performance metrics, including network lifetime by
   62.3%, a 66% reduction in energy consumption and a 41% improvement in live
   nodes compared to existing methods.  Additionally, our algorithms show 21%
   improvement in packet delivery ratio and increase network stability, making
   them particularly effective in challenging environments such as underground
   coal mines.  This research contributes to the advancement of efficient
   routing techniques adapted for the demanding requirements of IIoT
   deployments, promising a more robust and sustainable IIoT. © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE aquila optimization; clustering; energy compression; internet of things;
   routing; tinyml
ID energy utilization; optimization algorithms; routing algorithms; traffic
   congestion; aquila optimization; clusterings; energy aware; energy
   compression; machine learning models; machine learning; optimizations;
   performance; routings; tiny machine learning; clustering algorithms

---

UT 274
AR Pour-Hosseini MR, 2025, CLUST COMPUT, V28, DOI 10.1007/s10586-025-05289-x
TI Tiny machine learning models for autonomous workload distribution across
   cloud-edge computing continuum
AU Pour-Hosseini MR; Abbasi M; Salimi A; Elmroth E; Haghighi H; Moradi P;
   Javadi B
TC 5
SO CLUST COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Resource management and task distribution in real-time have become
   increasingly challenging due to the growing use of latency-critical
   applications across dispersed edge-cloud infrastructures.  Intelligent
   adaptable mechanisms capable of functioning effectively on resource-
   constrained edge devices and responding quickly to dynamic workload changes
   are required in these situations.  In this work, we offer a learning-based
   system for autonomous resource allocation across the edge–cloud continuum
   that is both lightweight and scalable.  Two models are presented: TinyDT, a
   small offline decision tree trained on state-action information retrieved
   from an adaptive baseline, and TinyXCS, an online rule-based classifier
   system that can adjust to runtime conditions.  Both models are designed to
   operate on resource-constrained edge devices while minimizing memory
   overhead and inference latency.  Our analysis demonstrates that TinyXCS and
   TinyDT outperform existing online and offline baselines in terms of
   throughput and latency, providing a reliable, power-efficient solution for
   next-generation edge intelligence.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence
   to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2025.
DE cloud computing; edge computing; internet of things ( iot ); tiny models;
   workload distribution
ID distributed cloud; internet of things; learning systems; machine learning;
   resource allocation; cloud computing; edge clouds; edge computing; internet
   of thing; machine learning models; offline; resource management; task
   distribution; tiny model; workload distribution; edge computing

---

UT 309
AR Bolat Y, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25154595
TI Decentralized Distributed Sequential Neural Networks Inference on Low-Power
   Microcontrollers in Wireless Sensor Networks: A Predictive Maintenance Case
   Study
AU Bolat Y; Murray I; Ren Y; Ferdosian N
TC 5
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB The growing adoption of IoT applications has led to increased use of low-
   power microcontroller units (MCUs) for energy-efficient, local data
   processing.  However, deploying deep neural networks (DNNs) on these
   constrained devices is challenging due to limitations in memory,
   computational power, and energy.  Traditional methods like cloud-based
   inference and model compression often incur bandwidth, privacy, and accuracy
   trade-offs.  This paper introduces a novel Decentralized Distributed
   Sequential Neural Network (DDSNN) designed for low-power MCUs in Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) applications.  Unlike the existing methods that
   rely on centralized cluster-based approaches, DDSNN partitions a pre-trained
   LeNet across multiple MCUs, enabling fully decentralized inference in
   wireless sensor networks (WSNs). We validate DDSNN in a real-world
   predictive maintenance scenario, where vibration data from an industrial
   pump is analyzed in real-time.  The experimental results demonstrate that
   DDSNN achieves 99.01% accuracy, explicitly maintaining the accuracy of the
   non-distributed baseline model and reducing inference latency by
   approximately 50%, highlighting its significant enhancement over
   traditional, non-distributed approaches, demonstrating its practical
   feasibility under realistic operating conditions.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE deep neural network; distributed inference; edge ai; iot; neural network
   partitioning; predictive maintenance; tiny machine learning; wireless sensor
   networks
ID bandwidth compression; deep neural networks; distributed computer systems;
   internet of things; learning systems; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; predictive maintenance; distributed inference; edge ai;
   iot; machine learning; network partitioning; neural network partitioning;
   neural networks; predictive maintenance; sensors network; tiny machine
   learning; wireless sensor; article; bandwidth; case study; cloud computing;
   compression; data processing; deep neural network; diagnosis; latent period;
   machine learning; nerve cell network; sensor; vibration; economic and social
   effects

---

UT 373
AR Popovic  G, 2025, ENERGIES, V18, DOI 10.3390/en18010105
TI Optimizing Lightweight Recurrent Networks for Solar Forecasting in TinyML:
   Modified Metaheuristics and Legal Implications
AU Popovic  G; Spalevic  Z; Jovanovic  L; Zivkovic  M; Stosic  L; Bacanin  N
TC 5
SO ENERGIES
PY 2025
AB The limited nature of fossil resources and their unsustainable
   characteristics have led to increased interest in renewable sources.
   However, significant work remains to be carried out to fully integrate these
   systems into existing power distribution networks, both technically and
   legally.  While reliability holds great potential for improving energy
   production sustainability, the dependence of solar energy production plants
   on weather conditions can complicate the realization of consistent
   production without incurring high storage costs.  Therefore, the accurate
   prediction of solar power production is vital for efficient grid management
   and energy trading.  Machine learning models have emerged as a prospective
   solution, as they are able to handle immense datasets and model complex
   patterns within the data.  This work explores the use of metaheuristic
   optimization techniques for optimizing recurrent forecasting models to
   predict power production from solar substations.  Additionally, a modified
   metaheuristic optimizer is introduced to meet the demanding requirements of
   optimization.  Simulations, along with a rigid comparative analysis with
   other contemporary metaheuristics, are also conducted on a real-world
   dataset, with the best models achieving a mean squared error (MSE) of just
   0.000935 volts and 0.007011 volts on the two datasets, suggesting viability
   for real-world usage.  The best-performing models are further examined for
   their applicability in embedded tiny machine learning (TinyML) applications.
   The discussion provided in this manuscript also includes the legal framework
   for renewable energy forecasting, its integration, and the policy
   implications of establishing a decentralized and cost-effective forecasting
   system.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE legal framework; metaheuristic optimization; recurrent neural networks;
   renewable energy; tinyml
ID recurrent neural networks; legal frameworks; machine learning;
   metaheuristic; metaheuristic optimization; neural networks; power
   production; recurrent networks; renewable energies; solar forecasting; tiny
   machine learning; clean energy

---

UT 381
AR Edouard P, 2025, COMPUT BIOL MED, V185, DOI 10.1016/j.compbiomed.2024.109407
TI Design and validation of Withings ECG Software 2, a tiny neural network
   based algorithm for detection of atrial fibrillation
AU Edouard P; Campo D
TC 5
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2025
AB Background: Atrial Fibrillation (AF) is the most common form of arrhythmia
   in the world with a prevalence of 1%–2%. AF is also associated with an
   increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD), such as stroke, heart
   failure, and coronary artery diseases, making it a leading cause of death.
   Asymptomatic patients are a common case (30%–40%). This highlights the
   importance of early diagnosis or screening.  Wearable and home devices offer
   new opportunities in this regard.  Methods: We present WECG-SW2, a
   lightweight algorithm that classifies 30-second lead I ECG strips as ‘NSR’,
   ‘AF’, ‘Other’ or ‘Noise’. By detecting the location of QRS complexes in the
   signal, the information can be organized into a low dimensionality input
   which is fed to a tiny Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with only 3,633
   parameters.  This approach allows for the algorithm to run directly on the
   ECG acquisition devices, and improves accuracy by making the most out of the
   training set.  Results: WECG-SW2 was evaluated on a database which combines
   three clinical studies sponsored by Withings with three hardware devices, as
   well as the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia Database.  On the proprietary clinical
   database, the sensitivity and specificity of AF detection were 99.63% (95%
   CI: 99.15–99.84) and 99.85% (95% CI: 99.61–99.94), respectively, based on
   4646 strips taken from 1441 participants.  On the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia
   Database, the sensitivity and specificity were 99.87% (95% CI: 99.53, 99.98)
   and 100% (95% CI: 98.31, 100.0), respectively, across 2624 analyzed
   segments.  Conclusion: WECG-SW2 demonstrates high sensitivity and
   specificity in the detection of AF using a wide variety of ECG recording
   hardware.  The binary of WECG-SW2 is available upon request to the
   corresponding author for research purposes.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE atrial fibrillation; convolutional neural networks; ecg; embedded systems;
   internet of things; tiny machine learning
ID algorithms; atrial fibrillation; electrocardiography; female; humans; male;
   neural networks computer; signal processing computer-assisted; software;
   cardiology; clinical research; convolutional neural networks; diseases;
   electronic health record; atrial fibrillation; cardiovascular disease;
   convolutional neural network; embedded-system; heart failure; machine
   learning; network-based algorithm; neural networks; sensitivity and
   specificity; tiny machine learning; abdominal aortic aneurysm; adult;
   article; artifact; atrial fibrillation; cerebrovascular accident; congenital
   heart disease; convolutional neural network; coronary artery disease; data
   base; diagnostic test accuracy study; early diagnosis; electrocardiogram;
   female; heart arrhythmia; heart infarction; heart-rate; heuristics; human;
   hypertension; internet of things; major clinical study; male; p wave; qrs
   complex; sensitivity and specificity; t wave; transient ischemic attack;
   valvular heart disease; young adult; algorithm; artificial neural network;
   atrial fibrillation; diagnosis; electrocardiography; pathophysiology;
   procedures; signal processing; software; electrocardiography

---

UT 411
AR Wang L/2, 2025, IEEE TRANS SCALE INTEGR VLSI SYST, V33, P371, DOI
   10.1109/TVLSI.2024.3469217
TI A 578-TOPS/W RRAM-Based Binary Convolutional Neural Network Macro for Tiny
   AI Edge Devices
AU Wang L/2; Zhang Y; Wang P/1; Yang J/3; Zhang H/3; Li G; Li Q/2
TC 5
SO IEEE TRANS SCALE INTEGR VLSI SYST
PY 2025
AB The novel nonvolatile computing-in-memory (nvCIM) technology enables data to
   be stored and processed in situ, providing a feasible solution for the
   widespread deployment of machine learning algorithms in edge AI devices.
   However, current nvCIM approaches based on weighted current summation face
   challenges such as device nonidealities and substantial time, storage, and
   energy overheads when handling high-precision analog signals.  To address
   these issues, we propose a resistive random access memory (RRAM)-based
   binary convolution macro for constructing a complete binary convolutional
   neural network (BCNN) hardware circuit, accelerating edge AI applications
   with low-weight precision.  This macro performs error compensation at the
   circuit level and provides stable rail-to-rail output, eliminating the need
   for any ADCs or processor to perform auxiliary computations.  Experimental
   results demonstrate that the proposed BCNN full-hardware computing system
   achieves on-chip recognition accuracy of 90.7% (98.64%) on the CIFAR10
   (MNIST) dataset, which represents a decrease of 0.98% (0.59%) compared to
   software recognition accuracy.  In addition, this binary convolution macro
   achieves a maximum throughput of 320 GOPS and a peak energy efficiency of
   578 TOPS/W at 136 MHz.  © 1993-2012 IEEE.
DE binary neural network ( bnn ); circuit reliability; memory; power
   consumption; resistive random access memory ( rram )
ID analog storage; convolutional neural networks; forward error correction;
   macros; nonvolatile storage; rram; binary convolution; binary neural
   network; binary neural networks; circuit reliability; convolutional neural
   network; nonvolatile; power; random access memory; recognition accuracy;
   resistive random access memory; error compensation

---

UT 432
AR Fusco P/1, 2025, LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH, V247, P389, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-87769-8_34
TI TinyML-Based Intrusion Detection System for Handling Class Imbalance in IoT-
   Edge Domain Using Siamese Neural Network on MCU
AU Fusco P/1; Montefusco A; Rimoli GP; Palmieri F; Ficco M
TC 5
SO LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH
PY 2025
AB The widespread of Internet of Things (IoT) devices has introduced
   significant cyber security challenges, requiring robust and efficient
   Intrusion Detection Systems (IDSs) tailored for IoT-edge environments.  In
   this context, on-board training has emerged as a valuable approach for
   enabling online learning of IoT-edge smart devices, useful for model
   refining with on-field data, as well as reducing concept drift and data
   privacy violations.  On the other hand, collecting a large set of
   representative on-field attack samples could be very complex or infeasible,
   particularly in critical application domains.  Moreover, the collected
   samples are often uneven data distribution, known as imbalanced datasets.
   Therefore, appropriate neural network models trainable with reduced and
   imbalanced datasets should be used.  In this paper, a performance assessment
   of a Siamese Neural Network (SNN)-based IDS deployed on a tiny
   Microcontroller Unit (MCU) is presented.  The detection system is trained
   using both a custom IoT dataset and the widely used TON_IoT dataset in order
   to assess its ability to detect anomalous traffic patterns indicative of
   IoT-edge attacks.  Accuracy and latency are analyzed to ensure practical
   applicability.  The results highlight that the SNN-based IDS achieves a high
   detection rate with limited and imbalanced training data, demonstrating its
   effectiveness in securing IoT-edge environments under resource constraints.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
ID data privacy; intrusion detection; microcontrollers; network security; class
   imbalance; cyber security; imbalanced dataset; intrusion detection systems;
   microcontroller unit; network-based intrusion detection systems; neural
   networks; online learning; security challenges; smart devices; network
   intrusion

---

UT 438
AR Im H, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V17, P67, DOI 10.1109/LES.2024.3475470
TI TinyML-Based Intrusion Detection System for In-Vehicle Network Using
   Convolutional Neural Network on Embedded Devices
AU Im H; Lee S
TC 5
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB This letter proposes a novel model for effectively detecting malicious
   messages in controller area network (CAN) communication, which is widely
   used in automotive networks.  Because in-vehicle networks operate in
   resource-constrained environments, an intrusion detection system (IDS) must
   simultaneously provide a low computational load and excellent detection
   performance.  However, existing models are unsuitable for deployment on low-
   power embedded devices owing to their high computational requirements.  This
   letter presents a low-complexity convolutional neural network (CNN)-based
   IDS for deployment on embedded edge devices.  The proposed model applies CNN
   operations separately to the CAN ID sequence and the data field of the CAN
   frame to extract features and concatenate them for feature fusion.
   Experimental results demonstrate that this approach requires considerably
   less computational load and provides superior detection performance.
   Furthermore, the proposed model is deployed on a resource-constrained
   nRF52840 microcontroller using TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers with
   20.44-kB flash memory and 26.44-kB RAM without quantization.  © 2009-2012
   IEEE.
DE controller area network ( can ); convolutional neural network ( cnn ); edge
   devices; intrusion detection system ( ids ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   )
ID convolutional neural networks; flash memory; intrusion detection; controller
   area network; controller area network; convolutional neural network; edge
   device; in-vehicle networks; intrusion detection system; intrusion detection
   systems; machine learning; tiny machine learning; network intrusion

---

UT 456
AR Khatoon A, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-01981-5
TI TinyML-enabled fuzzy logic for enhanced road anomaly detection in remote
   sensing
AU Khatoon A; Wang W; Wang M; Li L; Ullah A
TC 5
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Advanced techniques for detecting and classifying road anomalies are crucial
   due to road networks’ rapid expansion and increasing complexity.  This study
   introduces a novel integration of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), remote
   sensing, and fuzzy logic through a fully connected U-Net architecture,
   TinyML-U-Net-FL, tailored for anomaly detection in resource-constrained
   environments.  Our framework addresses critical gaps in existing
   methodologies, such as high computational demands and limited real-time
   processing capabilities, by leveraging model compression, quantization, and
   pruning techniques.  These enhancements facilitate efficient real-time
   analysis directly on edge devices.  In rigorous evaluations using the
   DeepGlobe and Dubai aerial imagery datasets, our framework achieved a
   notable recall of 92.4%, precision of 78.2%, and an F1-Score of 84.7%,
   demonstrating superior performance compared to contemporary methods,
   including DCS-TransUperNet, GOALF, GCBNet, DiResNet, and ScRoadExtractor.
   Incorporating fuzzy logic significantly improves the robustness of anomaly
   detection, enabling more precise and reliable classification.  This research
   contributes substantially to intelligent transportation systems by
   facilitating precise, energy-efficient, timely detection and classification
   of road network irregularities, enhancing infrastructure management road
   safety, and supporting autonomous navigation applications.  © The Author(s)
   2025.
DE edge computing; fuzzy inference system; remotely sensed road image; road
   anomaly; road network extraction; tinyml
ID article; compression; controlled study; diagnosis; dubai; fuzzy logic; fuzzy
   system; human; imagery; infrastructure; machine learning; outlier detection;
   quantization; remote sensing; road safety; traffic and transport

---

UT 765
AR Ken HM, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1316 LNNS, P502, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-3949-6_42
TI Advancing Air Quality Monitoring: TinyML-Based Real-Time Ozone Prediction
   with Cost-Effective Edge Devices
AU Ken HM; Behjati M; Rafsanjani AS; Aslam S; Meng YK; Majeed APPA; Zheng Y
TC 5
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB The escalation of urban air pollution necessitates innovative solutions for
   real-time air quality monitoring and prediction.  This paper introduces a
   novel TinyML-based system designed to predict ozone concentration in real-
   time.  The system employs an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense microcontroller
   equipped with an MQ7 sensor for carbon monoxide (CO) detection and built-in
   sensors for temperature and pressure measurements.  The data, sourced from a
   Kaggle dataset on air quality parameters from India, underwent thorough
   cleaning and preprocessing.  Model training and evaluation were performed
   using Edge Impulse, considering various combinations of input parameters
   (CO, temperature, and pressure). The optimal model, incorporating all three
   variables, achieved a mean squared error (MSE) of 0.03 and an R-squared
   value of 0.95, indicating high predictive accuracy.  The regression model
   was deployed on the microcontroller via the Arduino IDE, showcasing robust
   real-time performance.  Sensitivity analysis identified CO levels as the
   most critical predictor of ozone concentration, followed by pressure and
   temperature.  The system’s low-cost and low-power design makes it suitable
   for widespread implementation, particularly in resource-constrained
   settings.  This TinyML approach provides precise real-time predictions of
   ozone levels, enabling prompt responses to pollution events and enhancing
   public health protection.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE air quality; edge intelligence; environmental monitoring; machine learning;
   ozone concentration; tinyml
ID air pollution control; air quality monitoring; cost effective; edge
   intelligence; environmental monitoring; machine learning; ozone
   concentration; ozone prediction; real- time; temperature and pressures;
   tinyml; air quality

---

UT 793
AR Alba A, 2025, ICADEIS - INT CONF ADV DATA SCI E-LEARNING SYST INTEGR DATA
   SCI SYST PROCEEDING, DOI 10.1109/ICADEIS65852.2025.10933276
TI Optimized FLOPs-Aware Knowledge Distillation for TinyML Applications in
   Agriculture
AU Alba A; Villaverde J; Lacara A; Domingo J; Aguirre D
TC 5
SO ICADEIS - INT CONF ADV DATA SCI E-LEARNING SYST INTEGR DATA SCI SYST
   PROCEEDING
PY 2025
AB This study introduces a novel FLOPs-Aware Knowledge Distillation (FAKD)
   framework tailored for TinyML applications in agriculture.  By integrating
   Floating Point Operations (FLOPs) as a regularization term into the
   distillation loss, the framework ensures computational efficiency while
   preserving accuracy.  The teacher-student architecture employs ResNet-50 and
   MobileNetV2, respectively, with the latter optimized for edge deployment.
   The methodology includes advanced techniques such as pruning and INT4
   quantization, enabling the model to fit stringent hardware constraints, such
   as the ESP32's 1MB PSRAM, while maintaining high test accuracy.
   Experimental results on the PlantVillage dataset reveal a significant
   accuracy improvement from 92.77% to 96.55% post-FAKD, followed by a tradeoff
   to 90.15% after optimization for deployment.  Furthermore, the study
   compares the performance of the optimized model across different devices,
   demonstrating a balance between accuracy, inference time, and power
   consumption.  The results validate the framework's potential for deploying
   efficient and accurate models on low-power devices in resource-constrained
   environments, making it suitable for smart agriculture applications.  This
   work underscores the importance of balancing model performance and
   computational efficiency, paving the way for sustainable TinyML solutions in
   agriculture.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; knowledge distillation; pruning and quantization; smart
   agriculture; tinyml
ID edge computing; floating-point operations; knowledge distillation; pruning
   and quantization; quantization; regularization terms; smart agricultures;
   stringents; teachers; tinyml; grain ( agricultural product )

---

UT 46
AR Attri I, 2025, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V258, P2870, DOI
   10.1016/j.procs.2025.04.547
TI TinyML for Plant Disease Detection: Efficient Edge AI Solutions for Apple
   and Mango Leaves
AU Attri I; Awasthi LK; Sharma TP
TC 4
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB Detecting plant diseases and providing timely treatment are crucial for
   ensuring sustainable agricultural productivity.  With advances in deep
   learning, computer vision techniques for crop science have seen rapid
   growth.  This paper introduces a TinyML-based model designed for real-time
   detection of diseases in apple and mango leaves, utilizing the MobileNetV2
   architecture, which is optimized for deployment on edge devices.  The
   model's performance was assessed using key metrics, achieving an accuracy of
   93.1%, along with high precision, recall, specificity, and an F1 score of
   93.1%. It outperforms other models like ResNet-50, VGGNet-16, and AlexNet in
   identifying and classifying both healthy and diseased leaves, demonstrating
   its potential for real-time agricultural use.  By optimizing the model for
   low-power devices, it becomes suitable for use in remote, resource-
   constrained areas, offering a valuable solution for improving crop
   management and fostering sustainable farming practices.  Future developments
   will focus on extending the model to detect a wider variety of crops and
   diseases, integrating sensor data, and conducting field trials to validate
   its real-world effectiveness.  © 2024 The Authors.  Published by ELSEVIER
   B.V.
DE agricultural technology; edge ai; mobilenetv2; plant disease detection;
   tinyml
ID agricultural robots; edge detection; seed; agricultural productivity;
   agricultural technologies; computer vision techniques; disease detection;
   edge ai; mobilenetv2; plant disease; plant disease detection; sustainable
   agricultural; tinyml; fruits

---

UT 52
AR Baishya M, 2025, SMART AGRIC TECHNOL, V12, DOI 10.1016/j.atech.2025.101247
TI Tiny ML based crop recommendation system for precision agriculture 5.0
AU Baishya M; Dutta L
TC 4
SO SMART AGRIC TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB This article presents a crop recommendation system (CRS) for precision
   agriculture 5.0 using tiny machine learning (TinyML). An extensive
   statistical analysis is conducted to identify the most relevant features,
   and data cleaning is performed to ensure the effectiveness of the machine
   learning (ML) models while retaining essential information.  This work
   conducts a first-level experimentation on a computer-based system for model
   selection and validation.  The results of the first level demonstrate an
   accuracy of 94 % for both logistic regression (LR) and decision tree
   classifier (DTC), 96 % for support vector machine (SVM), and 99 % for the
   random forest classifier (RFC). Therefore, in the second level RFC was
   selected to be incorporated in a resource-constraint microcontroller,
   ATMega328P to develop a cost effective, real-time, stand alone CRS. In doing
   so the model size is reduced to 98.78 % by dint of hyper-parameter tuning
   maintaining an accuracy of 98.4 %. Finally, the model is downsized to 99.26
   % for hardware implementation, occupying only about 28 % of the available
   space.  This makes the system ultra-light, highly efficient, and optimized,
   allowing it to produce crop recommendations instantaneously and locally
   without cloud support or internet connectivity.  © 2025
DE crop recommendation system ( crs ); machine learning ( ml ); precision
   agriculture; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )

---

UT 79
AR Khan UH, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-20017-6
TI Secure edge-based IoMT framework for ICU monitoring with TinyML and post-
   quantum cryptography
AU Khan UH; Qamar A; Khan R; Alturise F; Alshaabani AR; Alkhalaf S
TC 4
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB This article proposes a secure, real-time, intelligent, edge-based Internet
   of Medical Things (IoMT) monitoring framework for intensive care unit (ICU)
   environments.  The system integrates TinyML-powered decision trees with
   lattice-based post-quantum cryptography (PQC), specifically Kyber 512, to
   enable low-latency anomaly detection and quantum-resistant data
   transmission.  Although designed for deployment on resource-constrained
   ESP32 microcontrollers, the entire pipeline is implemented and evaluated
   within an OMNeT++ simulation environment, including on-device inference and
   PQC encryption.  A synthetically generated ICU dataset, validated by three
   hospitals, ensures clinical relevance and robustness in diverse patient
   scenarios.  Data fusion techniques improve feature reliability, while Kyber
   512 provides lightweight, quantum-safe encryption.  OMNeT++ simulations
   demonstrate end-to-end communication with zero observed packet loss and very
   low end-to-end latency, under realistic ICU network conditions.  The
   framework addresses key challenges in computational efficiency, data
   confidentiality, and scalability, offering a future-ready solution for
   intelligent healthcare systems.  The results show 99.4% accuracy in anomaly
   detection, with strong generalization validated on external datasets
   (PhysioNet: 98.5%, Kaggle: 99.0%). This work represents one of the first
   integrations of TinyML and PQC in a simulated IoMT setting, paving the way
   for secure, scalable, and intelligent ICU monitoring.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE data fusion; decision tree; edge computing; healthcare security; icu
   monitoring; iomt; kyber 512; post-quantum cryptography; secure
   communication; tinyml
ID article; clinical significance; decision tree; encryption; healthcare
   system; intensive care; intensive care unit; internet; outlier detection;
   quantum cryptography; reliability; simulation

---

UT 103
AR Deutel M, 2025, ACM TRANS EVOL LEARN OPTIM, V5, DOI 10.1145/3715012
TI Combining Multi-Objective Bayesian Optimization with Reinforcement Learning
   for TinyML
AU Deutel M; Kontes G; Mutschler C; Teich J
TC 4
SO ACM TRANS EVOL LEARN OPTIM
PY 2025
AB Deploying deep neural networks (DNNs) on microcontrollers (TinyML) is a
   common trend to process the increasing amount of sensor data generated at
   the edge, but in practice, resource and latency constraints make it
   difficult to find optimal DNN candidates.  Neural architecture search (NAS)
   is an excellent approach to automate this search and can easily be combined
   with DNN compression techniques commonly used in TinyML. However, many NAS
   techniques are not only computationally expensive, especially hyperparameter
   optimization (HPO), but also often focus on optimizing only a single
   objective, e.g., maximizing accuracy, without considering additional
   objectives such as memory requirements or computational complexity of a DNN,
   which are key to making deployment at the edge feasible.  In this article,
   we propose a novel NAS strategy for TinyML based on multi-objective Bayesian
   optimization (MOBOpt) and an ensemble of competing parametric policies
   trained using augmented random search (ARS) reinforcement learning (RL)
   agents.  Our methodology aims at efficiently finding tradeoffs between a
   DNN’s predictive accuracy, memory requirements on a given target system, and
   computational complexity.  Our experiments show that we consistently
   outperform existing MOBOpt approaches on different datasets and
   architectures such as ResNet-18 and MobileNetv3. © 2025 Copyright held by
   the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE embedded systems; multiobjective bayesian optimization; neural architecture
   search; reinforcement learning
ID architecture; bayesian networks; computational complexity; deep neural
   networks; memory architecture; multiobjective optimization; bayesian
   optimization; embedded-system; memory requirements; multiobjective;
   multiobjective bayesian optimization; neural architecture search; neural
   architectures; neural networks; reinforcement learnings; sensors data;
   embedded systems

---

UT 152
AR Adebayo S, 2025, ENV RES COMMUN, V7, DOI 10.1088/2515-7620/adc5cd
TI Understanding mushroom farm environment using TinyML-based monitoring
   devices
AU Adebayo S; Aworinde HO; Olufemi OO; Osueke CO; Adeniyi AE; Julius Aroba O
TC 4
SO ENV RES COMMUN
PY 2025
AB The optimization of environmental conditions in mushroom cultivation is
   pivotal for maximizing yield and quality.  A Smart Environmental Monitoring
   System for Mushroom Farms is presented in this paper that makes use of
   advanced Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and Internet of Things (IoT)
   technologies for evaluating and controlling key parameters that impact the
   growth of mushrooms.  The rapid growth of the worldwide mushroom markets
   indicates how important these efforts are economically.  This study uses
   more developed instruments for tracking the temperature, humidity level,
   carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere, intensity of light, moisture
   content of the soil as well as pH and temperature values found within the
   soil itself.  On the one hand, the study employed SCD30 Sensirion sensor
   mostly for gauging atmospheric conditions and the other (Grove-Digital
   sensor) for measuring various parameters specific to soils (such as moisture
   content, pH level, or temperature). The latter is then connected to an XIAO
   ESP32-S3 microprocessor chip which supports different types of connections
   such as WiFi or Bluetooth connections while it can also run TinyML models to
   enable immediate processing of data.  The authors set up the system to
   gather environmental data on time, using the Edge Impulse platform for data
   analysis and model training.  TinyML-enabled microcontroller processes the
   data locally, autonomously controlling actuators like humidifiers, heaters,
   and fans hence maintaining the best conditions for plants.  The experimental
   design included situating sensors at various locations in the mushroom farm
   environment to monitor important parameters continually and record them.
   The system’s effectiveness in maintaining ideal conditions for breeding
   mushrooms has been carefully examined through detailed analysis.  The
   mushroom cultivation system’s temperature and humidity were controlled
   between 15-22 °C and 85%-90% respectively, which led to a higher crop yield
   and quality improvements.  By using TinyML, it enabled doing fast on-device
   processing without relying heavily on cloud solutions, hence reducing
   latency.  © 2025 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE data analysis; iot; mushroom cultivation; sensor integration; smart
   environmental monitoring system
ID agricultural technology; cultivation; environmental conditions;
   environmental monitoring; farm; moisture content; monitoring system;
   mushroom; ph; relative humidity; soil moisture; temperature

---

UT 163
AR Hamdouchi A, 2025, MICROPROCESS MICROSYST, V117, DOI
   10.1016/j.micpro.2025.105172
TI Evaluating the performance of TinyML singular and ensemble techniques for
   intrusion detection in IoT networks
AU Hamdouchi A; Idri A
TC 4
SO MICROPROCESS MICROSYST
PY 2025
AB As the Internet of Things (IoT) expands, safeguarding IoT networks from
   vulnerabilities becomes critical.  Intrusion detection systems (IDS)
   leveraging machine learning (ML) techniques are essential for enhancing
   security and preventing unauthorized access.  However, transmitting data to
   the cloud can introduce latency, impeding real-time attack detection.  This
   research evaluates three TinyML ensemble techniques (random forest, XGBoost,
   and extra trees) and three singular techniques (decision tree, Gaussian
   naive Bayes, and multilayer perceptron) using two feature selection methods
   (maximum relevance minimum redundancy and analysis of variance) on the NF-
   ToN-IoT-v2 and NF-BoT-IoT-v2 datasets for cyberattack detection.
   Evaluations on the Arduino UNO used the prediction performance criteria
   (Cohen's kappa and Matthew's correlation coefficient), device metrics
   (latency, static RAM, and flash memory), and the Scott-Knott test and Borda
   count voting system to assess the statistical significance and to rank the
   models.  Results show that singular TinyML models outperformed ensemble
   models for multiclass classification in the IDS-IoT context.  The best
   models are: (1) MLP with 20 features and a hidden layer size of 56 for NF-
   ToN-IoT-v2; and (2) ET with 13 features, 2 estimators, and a tree depth of
   16 for NF-BoT-IoT-v2. © 2025 Elsevier B.V.
DE arduino uno; ensemble machine learning; internet of things; intrusion
   detection systems; singular machine learning; tinyml
ID intrusion detection; learning to rank; trees ( mathematics ); arduino uno;
   ensemble machine learning; ensemble techniques; intrusion detection systems;
   intrusion detection; machine learning; performance; singular machine
   learning; tinyml; network intrusion

---

UT 167
AR Agrawal A, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P2135, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3467328
TI TinyAP: An Intelligent Access Point to Combat Wi-Fi Attacks Using TinyML
AU Agrawal A; Maiti RR
TC 4
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB In the recent past, there has been a significant surge in MAC layer Wi-Fi
   attacks, leaving wireless local area networks (WLANs) vulnerable to
   different types of network intrusions.  The current routers cum access point
   (AP) lack the necessary intelligence to prevent or combat these attacks,
   thereby making it imperative to rely on various network intrusion detection
   systems.  To address this issue, we have developed an intelligent AP that
   can identify different MAC layer attacks and generate alerts as required.
   This has been achieved using lightweight machine learning (ML) models on a
   microcontroller, leveraging the TensorFlow-lite-micro (TFLite Micro)
   libraries.  A framework called TinyAP has been developed, which uses the
   efficient neural architecture search (NAS) and the lightweight to classify
   Wi-FI attack at the AP level.  The system consists of a Raspberry Pi 3 B+,
   functioning as an AP and an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense acting as a plugin.
   The Nano module executes pretrained Tiny ML (TinyML) models, where the
   models are prepared (i.e., searched, trained and converted) on a Desktop PC
   (DESKTOP-47M82UC). We employed NAS for multilevel perceptrons (MLPNAS) to
   generate the five best neural architecture models to deploy on the system.
   To test the efficacy of this innovative approach, an online data set
   containing 13 different Wi-Fi-labeled attacks has been used.  TinyAP has
   achieved an average accuracy of 96.45% for all the Wi-Fi attacks and a
   maximum accuracy of 100% in the 2 Class (2C) classification for some of the
   Wi-Fi attacks like key reinstallation attack and Kr00k.  Additionally,
   TinyAP has also shown a maximum accuracy of 95.19% in multiclass
   classification.  The average accuracy of TinyAP shows a marginal reduction
   of 0.76% in 2C classification and 0.04% in multiclass classification when
   compared with multilayer perceptron (MLP) models.  The promising result of
   the TinyAP is that it provides a much-needed layer of protection for
   networks and offers a proactive security solution at the AP level.  © 2014
   IEEE.
DE neural architecture search for multilevel perceptrons ( mlpnas ); tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml ); wi-fi
ID intrusion detection; mobile telecommunication systems; multilayer neural
   networks; network intrusion; wi-fi; access points; local areas; mac layer;
   maximum accuracies; mlpnas; multi-class classification; network intrusions;
   neural architectures; tinyml; wi-fi; wireless local area networks ( wlan )

---

UT 169
AR Xie J, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-01710-y
TI Empowering stroke recovery with upper limb rehabilitation monitoring using
   TinyML based heterogeneous classifiers
AU Xie J; Wu Q; Dey N; Shi F/1; Sherratt RS; Kuang Y
TC 4
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Stroke is one of the leading causes of disability worldwide, with
   approximately 70% of survivors experiencing motor impairments in the upper
   limbs, significantly affecting their quality of life.  Home-based
   rehabilitation offers a cost-effective approach to improving motor function,
   but it faces challenges, including inaccurate movement reporting, lack of
   real-time feedback, and the high cost of rehabilitation equipment.
   Therefore, there is a need for affordable, lightweight home-based
   rehabilitation monitoring systems.  This paper presents an intelligent
   wearable sensor system that utilizes TinyML AI technology to classify eight
   upper limb rehabilitation movements with minimal sensors.  The system is
   designed for patients with upper limb impairments who retain antigravity
   voluntary movement, enabling them to monitor rehabilitation progress at
   home.  The study recruited 10 healthy volunteers to perform rehabilitation
   movements, creating a standardized dataset for model training.  Data
   normalization, preprocessing, model training, and deployment were carried
   out using the Edge Impulse platform.  A hybrid classifier, combining
   multilayer perceptron and k-means clustering, achieved 96.1% training
   accuracy, 95.09% testing accuracy, and 88.01% deployment accuracy.  The
   proposed TinyML-based system shows promising potential for home-based
   rehabilitation of stroke patients.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE home rehabilitation; inertial motion capture; stroke; tinyml; wearable
   devices
ID adult; female; humans; male; middle aged; recovery of function; stroke;
   stroke rehabilitation; upper extremity; wearable electronic devices; adult;
   cerebrovascular accident; convalescence; devices; female; human; male;
   middle aged; pathophysiology; procedures; stroke rehabilitation; upper limb;
   wearable computer

---

UT 202
AR Szydlo T, 2025, IEEE MICRO, V45, P87, DOI 10.1109/MM.2024.3382488
TI Management of TinyML-Enabled Internet of Things Devices
AU Szydlo T; Nagy M
TC 4
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2025
AB Internet of Things (IoT) systems are used in many aspects of our lives.
   Thanks to TinyML algorithms, they provide several new and smart
   functionalities that were impossible before.  However, implementing such a
   solution on a large scale and maintaining it over time is a big challenge.
   This is due to the need to not only update the device firmware to remove
   errors and extend the functionality of the devices but also to update the ML
   models.  This imposes several requirements for device monitoring and
   management mechanisms.  In this article, we discuss not only the required
   aspects that an IoT system should meet, but we also show how they fit into
   the ML model management process.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID firmware; internet of things; random access storage; fraud; large-scales;
   management mechanisms; management process; model management; monitoring and
   management; monitoring mechanisms; random access memory; microprogramming

---

UT 239
AR Keivanimehr AR, 2025, COMPUT BIOL MED, V186, DOI
   10.1016/j.compbiomed.2025.109653
TI TinyML and edge intelligence applications in cardiovascular disease: A
   survey
AU Keivanimehr AR; Akbari M
TC 4
SO COMPUT BIOL MED
PY 2025
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) and edge intelligence have emerged as pivotal
   paradigms for enabling machine learning on resource-constrained devices
   situated at the extreme edge of networks.  In this paper, we explore the
   transformative potential of TinyML in facilitating pervasive, low-power
   cardiovascular monitoring and real-time analytics for patients with cardiac
   anomalies, leveraging wearable devices as the primary interface.  To begin
   with, we provide an overview of TinyML software and hardware enablers,
   accompanied by an examination of networking solutions such as Low-power Wide
   area network (LPWAN) that facilitate the seamless deployment of TinyML
   frameworks.  Following this, we delve into the methodologies of knowledge
   distillation, quantization, and pruning, which represent the cornerstone
   strategies for optimizing machine learning models to operate efficiently
   within resource-constrained environments.  Furthermore, our discussion
   extends to the role of efficient deep neural networks tailored specifically
   for cardiovascular monitoring on wearable devices with limited computational
   resources.  Through a comprehensive review, we analyze the applications of
   prominent artificial neural network architectures including Convolutional
   Neural Networks (CNNs), Autoencoders, Deep Belief Networks (DBNs), and
   Transformers in the domain of Electrocardiogram (ECG) analytics, shedding
   light on their efficacy and potential in advancing healthcare technology.  ©
   2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE cardiovascular diseases; deep neural networks; edge intelligence; internet
   of things; tinyml
ID cardiovascular diseases; humans; machine learning; neural networks computer;
   wearable electronic devices; contrastive learning; convolutional neural
   networks; electrocardiography; cardiovascular disease; cardiovascular
   monitoring; edge intelligence; low power; machine learning; monitoring time;
   neural networks; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning;
   wearable devices; artificial neural network; autoencoder; cardiovascular
   disease; congenital heart malformation; convolutional neural network; deep
   belief network; deep neural network; diagnosis; distillation; electric
   potential; electrocardiogram; electrocardiography; heart disease; human;
   intelligence; internet of things; machine learning; quantization; review;
   software; wearable device; wide area network; diagnostic imaging; machine
   learning; wearable computer; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 276
AR Maruf M, 2025, MEAS SENS, V39, DOI 10.1016/j.measen.2025.101878
TI State-of-the-art review on fall prediction among older Adults: Exploring
   edge devices as a promising approach for the future
AU Maruf M; Haque MM; Hasan MM; Farhan M; Islam A
TC 4
SO MEAS SENS
PY 2025
AB Falling is one of the most serious threats to the health and well-being of
   older people, resulting in their daily activities and standard of living.
   In addition, the cost of treating fall-related injuries is substantial, and
   some patients face incomplete recovery.  Current fall prediction methods
   focus mainly on biological factors such as locomotion, vision, and
   cognition, often overlooking the multifaceted nature of falls.  This paper
   comprehensively reviewed state-of-the-art fall prediction systems and listed
   different factors directly associated with falls.  We analyzed the current
   trends and extracted that machine learning, deep learning, sensors, and
   gait-based fall prediction methods are some of the most prevalent
   technologies.  This paper also identifies the challenges of current fall
   prediction and prevention systems.  It visualizes a road map for future
   systems that can be integrated into daily life and greatly improve
   telehealth monitoring and assessment.  TinyML-based intelligent wearable
   technologies have significant potential to predict complex physiological
   phenomena such as falls.  This study highlights the importance of leveraging
   TinyML-powered smart wearables to aid fall prevention in the geriatric
   population.  By advancing the understanding of existing systems, this
   research aims to enhance the quality of life for older adults and guide
   future innovations in the field.  © 2025 The Authors
DE deep learning; fall prediction; geriatric population; machine learning;
   sensor; telehealth; tinyml
ID geriatrics; patient treatment; current; deep learning; fall prediction;
   geriatric population; machine learning; older adults; prediction methods;
   prediction systems; telehealth; tinyml; prediction models

---

UT 290
AR Saraswathi S, 2025, INT CONF EMERG SMART COMPUT INFORMATICS ESCI, DOI
   10.1109/ESCI63694.2025.10987923
TI Optimizing Latency and Energy Efficiency in Edge Computing with
   Reinforcement Learning and TinyML
AU Saraswathi S
TC 4
SO INT CONF EMERG SMART COMPUT INFORMATICS ESCI
PY 2025
AB Now, a new solution has stepped forward which is promising to offer just
   that in low latency real time smart networks especially in areas such as
   Wireless Sensor Networks.  This paper puts forward an AI-Driven Adaptive
   Edge Computing Framework (AEAO) to minimize data processing delay based on
   real-time resource provisioning and smart task allocation.  The framework
   also initiates lightweight AI models like the TinyML to do inference at
   certain regions; it also employs RL to manage the resources flexibly.  Also,
   Federated Learning (FL) increases the privacy of the system since models are
   trained across distributed edge nodes without aggregating sensitive data.
   The experimental setup of our work assesses the efficacy of the proposed
   framework in the model healthcare and industrial IoT settings based on the
   corresponding parameters, including latency, throughput, and energy
   consumption.  Analysis with other methods suggests that delays in processing
   have decreased, and the accuracy of decisions is higher compared to
   conventional cloud-oriented and immovable edge computing models.  This
   research captures the possibility of synchronizing computing at the network
   edge with AI in tackling contemporary challenges of real-time, secure, and
   efficient data consumption in intelligent networks.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ai-driven adaptive edge computing framework; energy-consumption; federated
   learning; latency; throughput; tinyml
ID data reduction; edge computing; reinforcement learning; sorting; wireless
   sensor networks; ai-driven adaptive edge computing framework; computing
   frameworks; edge computing; energy; energy-consumption; latency; new
   solutions; real- time; reinforcement learnings; tinyml; federated learning

---

UT 311
AR Yahyati C, 2025, INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC, DOI
   10.1109/ICCSC66714.2025.11134957
TI TinyML-Based Facial Recognition for Embedded Systems
AU Yahyati C; Lamaakal I; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Maleh Y
TC 4
SO INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC
PY 2025
AB Facial recognition is widely used in security and biometric applications but
   remains challenging to deploy on resource-constrained embedded systems.
   This paper presents a TinyML-based facial recognition system optimized for
   lowpower microcontrollers using MobileNetV2, EfficientNet, and a simplified
   CNN. The proposed system applies pruning and quantization to reduce model
   size and computational load.  Among the evaluated models, the simplified CNN
   achieved the best trade-off, maintaining 97.9% accuracy after compression
   with only 145 KB memory usage, making it ideal for deployment on the Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE Sense.  These results highlight the potential of TinyML for
   enabling real-time, efficient facial recognition on edge devices, despite
   limitations in hardware and environmental conditions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; facial recognition; model compression; tinyml
ID biometric applications; embedded-system; facial recognition; facial
   recognition systems; low power microcontrollers; model compression;
   quantization; resource-constrained embedded systems; security application;
   tinyml; economic and social effects; embedded systems; face recognition

---

UT 326
AR Carnelos M, 2025, INTERNET THING, V30, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101498
TI MicroFlow: An Efficient Rust-Based Inference Engine for TinyML
AU Carnelos M; Pasti F; Bellotto N
TC 4
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB In recent years, there has been a significant interest in developing machine
   learning algorithms on embedded systems.  This is particularly relevant for
   bare metal devices in Internet of Things, Robotics, and Industrial
   applications that face limited memory, processing power, and storage, and
   which require extreme robustness.  To address these constraints, we present
   MicroFlow, an open-source TinyML framework for the deployment of Neural
   Networks (NNs) on embedded systems using the Rust programming language.  The
   compiler-based inference engine of MicroFlow, coupled with Rust's memory
   safety, makes it suitable for TinyML applications in critical environments.
   The proposed framework enables the successful deployment of NNs on highly
   resource-constrained devices, including bare-metal 8-bit microcontrollers
   with only 2 kB of RAM. Furthermore, MicroFlow is able to use less Flash and
   RAM memory than other state-of-the-art solutions for deploying NN reference
   models (i.e.  wake-word and person detection), achieving equally accurate
   but faster inference compared to existing engines on medium-size NNs, and
   similar performance on bigger ones.  The experimental results prove the
   efficiency and suitability of MicroFlow for the deployment of TinyML models
   in critical environments where resources are particularly limited.  © 2025
   The Authors
DE embedded systems; iot; neural networks; rust; tinyml

---

UT 378
AR Ali Lodhi M, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P28950, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3568445
TI AI-Enhanced Resource Allocation for LPWAN-Based LoRaWAN:A Hybrid TinyML and
   Deep Learning Approach
AU Ali Lodhi M; Sun X/1; Mahmood K; Lodhi A; Park Y; Hussain M
TC 4
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) with low power wide area
   networks (LPWAN) offers a promising approach to address resource constraints
   and dynamic network conditions inherent in these networks.  However,
   deploying complex AI algorithms on resource-limited edge devices (EDs)
   presents significant challenges due to their limited computational
   capabilities.  In this study, we propose a hybrid tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) and deep neural network (DNN)-based solution for optimizing
   resource allocation in LPWAN-based LoRaWAN networks, targeting both static
   and mobile applications.  Our approach leverages the strengths of a 1-D
   convolutional neural network (CNN) and long short-term memory (LSTM) model
   implemented on the network server, combined with TinyML models deployed on
   EDs.  The CNN-LSTM model predicts optimal spreading factor and transmission
   power by analyzing spatial and temporal patterns from real-time data, while
   the TinyML models enable EDs to autonomously adjust communication parameters
   in resource-constrained and disconnected scenarios.  This hybrid framework
   enhances network performance by improving the packet success ratio (PSR),
   maximizing energy efficiency, and addressing the challenges posed by dynamic
   IoT environments.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE internet of things ( iot ); long-range wide area network ( lorawan ); low
   power networks; resource allocation; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID convolutional neural networks; e-learning; internet of things; resource
   allocation; convolutional neural network; lorawan; low power; low power
   networks; machine learning; network-based; resources allocation; short-term
   memory; tiny machine learning; wide area networks; deep neural networks

---

UT 407
AR Cotrino Herrera AF, 2025, HARDWAREX, V22, DOI 10.1016/j.ohx.2025.e00658
TI Low-cost prototype for bearing failure detection using Tiny ML through
   vibration analysis
AU Cotrino Herrera AF; López Sotelo JA; Blandón Andrade JC; Lazo AT
TC 4
SO HARDWAREX
PY 2025
AB The document presents a low-cost, open-source device designed to facilitate
   the learning of technologies like artificial intelligence in embedded
   systems through vibration analysis.  It also aims to enhance students’
   skills by introducing industrial challenges into the classroom via a scaled-
   down prototype.  This study analyzes the vibrations generated by bearings to
   classify, using Artificial Intelligence (AI), whether they are defective.
   The device integrates electronic, mechanical, and software components,
   leveraging online technologies and platforms like Arduino to support hands-
   on learning.  The document provides detailed instructions on the components
   used, circuit connections, step-by-step construction, and implementation,
   allowing replication of the prototype.  This device fosters the development
   of STEM skills, promotes the application of AI and TinyML in real-world
   contexts, and enriches educational programs by encouraging interdisciplinary
   learning.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE artificial intelligence; machine learning; teaching strategy; vibration
   analysis
ID bearings ( machine parts ); educational robots; enterprise software; mobile
   applications; software prototyping; stem ( science technology engineering
   and mathematics ); supervised learning; teaching; vibrations ( mechanical );
   bearing failures; embedded-system; failure detection; industrial challenges;
   low-costs; machine learning; open source; student skills; teaching strategy;
   vibrations analysis; open source software

---

UT 493
AR Bai M, 2025, COMPUT ELECTR ENG, V123, DOI 10.1016/j.compeleceng.2024.110038
TI Lightweight emotion analysis solution using tiny machine learning for
   portable devices
AU Bai M; Yu X
TC 4
SO COMPUT ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Deep learning-based models have obtained great improvements in facial
   expression recognition (FER). However, these deep models have high
   computational complexity and more memory during training and inference,
   limiting their scalability in deploying on portable devices.  In addition,
   the exploration of the intrinsic connection between facial muscle movements
   and expressions has always been a huge challenge.  To resolve these
   dilemmas, we propose an effective binary tiny machine learning (TinyML)
   model by combining two different attention mechanisms and binary operations.
   Specifically, to exploit the muscle movements in different facial
   expressions, we propose an effective lightweight deep model by introducing
   channel and spatial attention mechanisms in which learning weights for
   different regions can enable the network to focus on regions associated with
   facial expressions.  Moreover, we introduce the scale factor-based binary
   operation to improve the inference speed.  Extensive experiments on three
   public facial expression datasets prove that our proposed model can achieve
   advanced performance with 70 K parameters and 0.96MB model size.  We have
   ported and tested our model on the Seeed XIAO ESP32S3 Sense platform,
   showing the superiority of what was proposed in terms of inference speed.  ©
   2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE binary operation; channel and spatial attention mechanism; facial expression
   recognition; seeed xiao esp32s3 sense; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; federated learning; portable equipment; attention
   mechanisms; binary operations; channel and spatial attention mechanism;
   facial expression recognition; facial expressions; machine learning;
   portable device; seeed xiao esp32s3 sense; spatial attention; tiny machine
   learning; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 865
AR Sharma S, 2025, IEEE SENSORS J, V25, P7798, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3382479
TI HamQ: Hamming Weight-Based Energy-Aware Quantization for Analog Compute-in-
   Memory Accelerator in Intelligent Sensors
AU Sharma S; Kang B; Kidambi NV; Mukhopadhyay S
TC 4
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2025
AB Compute-in-memory (CIM) has gained prominence as a promising hardware
   architecture for machine-learning accelerators (MLAs) within the landscape
   of intelligent sensors (ISs). The acceleration of deep neural networks
   (DNNs) by MLAs highlights the need for improved energy efficiency.  In
   recent years, CIM-aware DNN model compression techniques, such as low-
   precision quantization, have been extensively investigated to enhance the
   energy efficiency of tiny machine-learning (TinyML) models for edge devices.
   However, existing approaches primarily focus on the posttraining compression
   of pretrained models and overlook the energy consumption during compression-
   aware training.  In this article, we propose a hamming weight (HW)-based
   quantization framework, named HamQ, to enhance the energy efficiency of
   analog CIM. A key contribution of this work is in a novel regularizer to
   reduce HW of quantized model weights, thereby implementing the crossbar with
   a lesser amount of ON bit-cells.  This constraint results in lower bitline
   currents in crossbar arrays, which are often a major energy overhead in
   analog CIM accelerators.  We analytically prove that HamQ evolves the
   probabilistic density of model weights to be high in low HW ranges while
   making it low in high HW ranges.  Our method is evaluated on image
   classification and keyword spotting (KWS) tasks with TinyML models.
   Simulation results illustrate that, in comparison to models without
   regularization, HamQ reduces per-inference energy consumption by 54.0% with
   a marginal accuracy degradation of 1.5% for the 8-bit ResNet-18 model in
   CIFAR-10 image classification and by 42.7% with a 3.5% degradation for the
   6-bit DS-CNN model in the KWS task.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE compute-in-memory ( cim ); deep neural networks ( dnns ); hamming weight (
   hw ); intelligent sensors ( iss ); quantization; tiny machine learning (
   tinyml )
ID energy efficiency; energy utilization; image classification; low power
   electronics; quantization ( signal ); computational modeling; compute-in-
   memory; hamming weights; in-memory computing; intelligent sensors;
   quantization; quantization ( signal ); task analysis; tinyml; deep neural
   networks

---

UT 895
AR Li Y/4, 2025, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST VIDEO TECHNOL, V35, P8819, DOI
   10.1109/TCSVT.2025.3556711
TI TinyFusionDet: Hardware-Efficient LiDAR-Camera Fusion Framework for 3D
   Object Detection at Edge
AU Li Y/4; Zeng F; Lai R; Wu T; Guan J; Zhu A; Zhu Z
TC 4
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST VIDEO TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB Current LiDAR-Camera fusion methods for 3D object detection achieve
   considerable accuracy at the immense cost of computation and storage, posing
   challenges for the deployment at the edge.  To address this issue, we
   propose a lightweight 3D object detection framework, namely TinyFusionDet.
   Specially, we put forward an ingenious Hybrid Scale Pillar Strategy in LiDAR
   point cloud feature extraction to efficiently improve the detection accuracy
   of small objects.  Meanwhile, a low cost Cross-Modal Heatmap Attention
   module is presented to suppress background interference in image features
   for reducing false positives.  Moreover, a Cross-Modal Feature Interaction
   module is designed to enhance the cross-modal information fusion among
   channels for further promoting the detection precision.  Extensive
   experiments demonstrated that TinyFusionDet achieves competitive accuracy
   with the lowest memory consumption and inference latency, making it suitable
   for hardware constrained edge devices.  Furthermore, TinyFusionDet is
   implemented on a customized FPGA-based prototype system, yielding a record
   high energy efficiency up to 114.97GOPS/W. To the best of our knowledge,
   this marks the first real-time LiDAR-Camera fusion detection framework for
   edge applications.  © 1991-2012 IEEE.
DE 3d object detection; fpga; lidar-camera fusion; tiny machine learning
ID edge detection; network security; photointerpretation; remote sensing;
   current; 3d object; 3d object detection; cross-modal; detection framework;
   fusion methods; lidar-camera fusion; machine learning; objects detection;
   tiny machine learning; image enhancement

---

UT 1
AR Bittner M, 2025, MACH LEARN, V114, DOI 10.1007/s10994-025-06807-z
TI Efficient and interpretable raw audio classification with diagonal state
   space models
AU Bittner M; Schnöll D; Wess M; Jantsch A
TC 3
SO MACH LEARN
PY 2025
AB State Space Models have achieved good performance on long sequence modeling
   tasks such as raw audio classification.  Their definition in continuous time
   allows for discretization and operation of the network at different sampling
   rates.  However, this property has not yet been utilized to decrease the
   computational demand on a per-layer basis.  We propose a family of hardware-
   friendly S-Edge models with a layer-wise downsampling approach to adjust the
   temporal resolution between individual layers.  Applying existing methods
   from linear control theory allows us to analyze state/memory dynamics and
   provides an understanding of how and where to downsample.  Evaluated on the
   Google Speech Command dataset, our autoregressive/causal S-Edge models range
   from 8–141k parameters at 90–95% test accuracy in comparison to a causal S5
   model with 208k parameters at 95.8% test accuracy.  Using our C++17 header-
   only implementation on an ARM Cortex-M4F the largest model requires 103 sec.
   inference time with 95.19% test accuracy, and the smallest model with 88.01%
   test accuracy, requires 0.29 sec.  Our solutions cover a design space that
   spans 17x in model size, 358x in inference latency, and 7.18 percentage
   points in accuracy.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE audio classification; interpretability; state space models; tinyml
ID c++ ( programming language ); classification ( of information ); computation
   theory; control theory; linear control systems; state space methods;
   statistical tests; audio classification; diagonal state; edge modeling;
   interpretability; long sequences; performance; sequence models; state space
   models; test accuracy; tinyml; continuous time systems

---

UT 34
AR El Zeinaty C, 2025, ACM COMPUT SURV, V58, DOI 10.1145/3744339
TI Designing Object Detection Models for TinyML: Foundations, Comparative
   Analysis, Challenges, and Emerging Solutions
AU El Zeinaty C; Hamidouche W; Herrou G; Menard D
TC 3
SO ACM COMPUT SURV
PY 2025
AB Object detection (OD) has become vital for numerous computer vision
   applications, but deploying it on resource-constrained internet of things
   (IoT) devices presents a significant challenge.  These devices, often
   powered by energy-efficient microcontrollers, struggle to handle the
   computational load of deep learning-based object detection (OD) models.
   This issue is compounded by the rapid proliferation of IoT devices,
   predicted to surpass 150 billion by 2030. TinyML offers a compelling
   solution by enabling OD on ultra-low-power devices, paving the way for
   efficient and real-time OD at the edge.  Although numerous survey articles
   have been published on this topic, they often overlook the optimization
   challenges associated with deploying OD models in TinyML environments.  To
   address this gap, this survey article provides a detailed analysis of key
   optimization techniques for deploying OD models on resource-constrained
   devices.  These techniques include quantization, pruning, knowledge
   distillation, and neural architecture search.  Furthermore, we explore both
   theoretical approaches and practical implementations, bridging the gap
   between academic research and real-world edge artificial intelligence (AI)
   deployment.  Finally, we compare the key performance indicators (KPIs) of
   existing OD implementations on microcontroller devices, highlighting the
   achieved maturity level of these solutions in terms of both prediction
   accuracy and efficiency.  We also provide a public repository to continually
   track developments in this fast-evolving field: Link.  © 2025 Copyright held
   by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE edge computing; embedded systems; model compression; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency;
   internet of things; microcontrollers; object detection; object recognition;
   comparative analyzes; computational loads; computer vision applications;
   detection models; edge computing; embedded-system; energy efficient; model
   compression; objects detection; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 67
AR Kiran A, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, V26, P14029, DOI
   10.1109/TITS.2024.3495332
TI Tiny Machine Learning Approach for Grid-Based Monitoring of UAV Tracking and
   Cyber-Physical Systems in Hydraulic Surveying
AU Kiran A; Venkata Naga Ramesh J; Quraishi A; Chandra Patni J; Keshta I; Byeon
   H; Raparthi M; Sandhu M; Soni M
TC 3
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB With the advancement in Tiny Machine Learning (ML) technologies, their
   application in enhancing unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) for hydraulic
   engineering surveying and mapping has become increasingly significant.
   TinyML’s integration offers a leap in processing efficiency and
   capabilities, particularly in addressing challenges such as UAV search and
   monitoring due to loss of contact or forced landings.  The usage of medical
   cyber-physical systems in healthcare can revolutionize existing service
   delivery methods.  The study focuses into the spatial grid mapping technique
   for three-dimensional information, the PTZ camera spatial grid target
   locking algorithm, and the UAV detection and image correction algorithm.
   The UAV target is processed using the surveying UAV target tracking method.
   TinyML techniques are essential for processing and analyzing these photos
   quickly.  Precise UAV identification and tracking are made possible by the
   combination of image recognition and radar data, which are then processed
   using TinyML algorithms.  This study explores the complexities of algorithms
   designed specifically for TinyML, such as tracking, UAV detection, grid
   mapping, and 3D grid space division.  Experimental results validate the
   enhanced capability of this.  The results show how well the proposed
   technique maps and surveys water conservation regions while promptly
   catching, locking onto, and tracking drones.  The algorithm in this study
   betters than the YOLO, SSD, and RetinaNet algorithms in the recognition and
   detection of image-oriented surveying and mapping drones.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE grid-based tracking; hydraulic engineering surveying; image recognition
   algorithms; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs )
ID aerial photography; aircraft detection; aircraft hydraulic systems;
   electrochemical cutting; geological surveys; laser ablation; laser beam
   cutting; photomapping; radar tracking; snow and ice removal; thermal
   spraying; aerial vehicle; grid mapping; grid-based; grid-based tracking;
   hydraulic engineering; hydraulic engineering surveying; image recognition
   algorithm; recognition algorithm; spatial grids; unmanned aerial vehicle;
   drones

---

UT 136
AR Sahnoun S, 2025, FUTUR INTERNET, V17, DOI 10.3390/fi17020089
TI Hybrid Solution Through Systematic Electrical Impedance Tomography Data
   Reduction and CNN Compression for Efficient Hand Gesture Recognition on
   Resource-Constrained IoT Devices
AU Sahnoun S; Mnif M; Ghoul B; Jemal M; Fakhfakh A; Kanoun O
TC 3
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2025
AB The rapid advancement of edge computing and Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   has created new opportunities for deploying intelligence in resource-
   constrained environments.  With the growing demand for intelligent Internet
   of Things (IoT) devices that can efficiently process complex data in real-
   time, there is an urgent need for innovative optimisation techniques that
   overcome the limitations of IoT devices and enable accurate and efficient
   computations.  This study investigates a novel approach to optimising
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models for Hand Gesture Recognition (HGR)
   based on Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT), which requires complex
   signal processing, energy efficiency, and real-time processing, by
   simultaneously reducing input complexity and using advanced model
   compression techniques.  By systematically reducing and halving the input
   complexity of a 1D CNN from 40 to 20 Boundary Voltages (BVs) and applying an
   innovative compression method, we achieved remarkable model size reductions
   of 91.75% and 97.49% for 40 and 20 BVs EIT inputs, respectively.
   Additionally, the Floating-Point operations (FLOPs) are significantly
   reduced, by more than 99% in both cases.  These reductions have been
   achieved with a minimal loss of accuracy, maintaining the performance of
   97.22% and 94.44% for 40 and 20 BVs inputs, respectively.  The most
   significant result is the 20 BVs compressed model.  In fact, at only 8.73 kB
   and a remarkable 94.44% accuracy, our model demonstrates the potential of
   intelligent design strategies in creating ultra-lightweight, high-
   performance CNN-based solutions for resource-constrained devices with near-
   full performance capabilities specifically for the case of HGR based on EIT
   inputs.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE cnn; edge computing; eit; eit data reduction; hand gesture recognition;
   lightweight model design; model compression techniques; neural network
   compression; tinyml
ID image analysis; image coding; image segmentation; integrated circuit design;
   network security; palmprint recognition; % reductions; compression
   techniques; convolutional neural network; edge computing; electrical impe
   dance tomography ( eit ); electrical impedance tomography data reduction;
   hand gesture recognition; lightweight model design; machine learning; model
   compression; model compression technique; modeling designs; network
   compression; neural network compression; neural networks; tiny machine
   learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 143
AR Daas A, 2025, INTERNET THING, V31, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101546
TI Optimizing waste management with integrated AIoT, edge computing, and
   LoRaWAN communication technologies
AU Daas A; Sari B; Semchedine F; Amad M
TC 3
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB This work presents Smart EcoRecycler Manager, an integrated waste management
   system designed to address inefficiencies in traditional recycling through
   automation and user engagement.  The system combines a smart bin with AI-
   driven waste sorting, low-power wireless communication (LoRaWAN), and a
   user-friendly mobile app to incentivize recycling.  Key innovations include:
   AI-powered waste classification achieving 99% accuracy for plastic and metal
   sorting, enabled by machine learning on low-cost edge devices (ESP32-CAM),
   Real-time optimization of waste collection routes, reducing operational
   costs compared to conventional methods, A gamified rewards system that
   boosts user participation through redeemable points, addressing low
   recycling rates.  The system uniquely integrates edge computing for real-
   time processing, LoRaWAN for long-range communication, and cloud platforms
   (Firebase) for scalable data management.  Performance testing demonstrates
   significant improvements in waste segregation accuracy, cost efficiency, and
   user engagement.  By combining these features, our solution addresses
   critical gaps in existing systems, such as limited scalability, high energy
   consumption, and poor user incentives.  This work advances smart waste
   management by providing a practical, low-cost framework suitable for urban
   and remote areas alike, with measurable environmental and economic benefits.
   © 2025 Elsevier B.V.
DE aiot; cnn; edge computing; internet of things; lorawan; tinyml; waste
   management system

---

UT 155
AR Asadi N, 2025, ACM MOBICOM - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW, P1305, DOI
   10.1145/3680207.3765668
TI Poster: Road to Tiny Reality: Digital Twins for Decentralized AI on
   Microcontrollers
AU Asadi N; Bengü HI; Wulfert L; Wöhrle H; Kellerer W
TC 3
SO ACM MOBICOM - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW
PY 2025
AB This work presents a two-stage digital twin methodology for developing and
   validating DFL algorithms on resource-constrained microcontrollers.  The
   first stage, our simulation-based twin, enables rapid prototyping and
   algorithm exploration without hardware constraints, while the second stage,
   based on leveraging several hardware emulation instances in a containerized
   environment, provides hardware-aware validation under realistic conditions
   including network delays, resource limitations, and communication protocols.
   This approach bridges the critical gap between research and deployment,
   enabling performance analysis at a pace impractical with physical hardware
   alone.  We demonstrate how this digital twin pipeline is essential for
   robust Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) in IoT environments, allowing for
   scalable, cost-effective testing of decentralized tiny ML. Our results
   across simulation, emulation, and a cluster of real ESP32-S3
   microcontrollers show that our twins faithfully reproduce physical device
   behavior, making it a valuable framework for advancing tiny, decentralized
   AI. © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE decentralized federated learning; digital twin; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; computer hardware; cost effectiveness;
   decentralized systems; digital twin; federated learning; learning systems;
   communications protocols; decentralized; decentralized federated learning;
   hardware constraints; hardware emulation; network-delay; rapid-prototyping;
   realistic conditions; resource limitations; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 173
AR Ha J, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25030788
TI FL-TENB4: A Federated-Learning-Enhanced Tiny EfficientNetB4-Lite Approach
   for Deepfake Detection in CCTV Environments
AU Ha J; El Azzaoui A; Park JH
TC 3
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB The widespread deployment of CCTV systems has significantly enhanced
   surveillance and public safety across various environments.  However, the
   emergence of deepfake technology poses serious challenges by enabling
   malicious manipulation of video footage, compromising the reliability of
   CCTV systems for evidence collection and privacy protection.  Existing
   deepfake detection solutions often suffer from high computational overhead
   and are unsuitable for real-time deployment on resource-constrained CCTV
   cameras.  This paper proposes FL-TENB4, a Federated-Learning-enhanced Tiny
   EfficientNetB4-Lite framework for deepfake detection in CCTV environments.
   The proposed architecture integrates Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   techniques with EfficientNetB4-Lite, a lightweight convolutional neural
   network optimized for edge devices, and employs a Federated Learning (FL)
   approach for collaborative model updates.  The TinyML-based local model
   ensures real-time deepfake detection with minimal latency, while FL enables
   privacy-preserving training by aggregating model updates without
   transferring sensitive video data to centralized servers.  The effectiveness
   of the proposed system is validated using the FaceForensics++ dataset under
   resource-constrained conditions.  Experimental results demonstrate that FL-
   TENB4 achieves high detection accuracy, reduced model size, and low
   inference latency, making it highly suitable for real-world CCTV
   environments.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE cctv environment; deepfake detection; efficientnetb4; federated learning;
   tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; convolutional neural networks; data privacy;
   differential privacy; public risks; video recording; cctv environment;
   deepfake detection; efficientnetb4; enhanced surveillance; machine learning;
   model updates; public safety; real- time; tiny machine learning; video
   footage; article; camera; convolutional neural network; deepfake; federated
   learning; machine learning; nonhuman; privacy; reliability; videorecording;
   federated learning

---

UT 176
AR Eldeeb E, 2025, IEEE TRANS MACH LEARN COMMUN NETW, V3, P491, DOI
   10.1109/TMLCN.2025.3557734
TI Semantic Meta-Split Learning: A TinyML Scheme for Few-Shot Wireless Image
   Classification
AU Eldeeb E; Shehab M; Alves H; Alouini M-S
TC 3
SO IEEE TRANS MACH LEARN COMMUN NETW
PY 2025
AB Semantic and goal-oriented (SGO) communication is an emerging technology
   that only transmits significant information for a given task.  Semantic
   communication encounters many challenges, such as computational complexity
   at end users, availability of data, and privacy-preserving.  This work
   presents a TinyML-based semantic communication framework for few-shot
   wireless image classification that integrates split-learning and meta-
   learning.  We exploit split-learning to limit the computations performed by
   the end-users while ensuring privacy-preserving.  In addition, meta-learning
   overcomes data availability concerns and speeds up training by utilizing
   similarly trained tasks.  The proposed algorithm is tested using a data set
   of images of hand-written letters.  In addition, we present an uncertainty
   analysis of the predictions using conformal prediction (CP) techniques.
   Simulation results show that the proposed Semantic-MSL outperforms
   conventional schemes by achieving a 20% gain in classification accuracy
   using fewer data points yet less training energy consumption.  © 2023 CCBY.
DE conformal prediction; goal-oriented communication; meta-learning; semantic
   communications; split-learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; federated learning;
   zero-shot learning; communication framework; conformal predictions; emerging
   technologies; end-users; goal-oriented communication; images classification;
   meta-learning; privacy-preserving; semantic communication; split-learning;
   latent semantic analysis

---

UT 203
AR Pavan M, 2025, PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS, DOI
   10.1145/3703412.3703415
TI TinySV: Speaker Verification in TinyML with On-device Learning
AU Pavan M; Mombelli G; Sinacori F; Roveri M
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS
PY 2025
AB TinyML is a novel area of machine learning that gained huge momentum in the
   last few years thanks to the ability to execute machine learning algorithms
   on tiny devices (such as Internet-of-Things or embedded systems).
   Interestingly, research in this area focused on the efficient execution of
   the inference phase of TinyML models on tiny devices, while very few
   solutions for on-device learning of TinyML models are available in the
   literature due to the relevant overhead introduced by the learning
   algorithms.  The aim of this paper is to introduce a new type of adaptive
   TinyML solution that can be used in tasks, such as the presented Tiny
   Speaker Verification (TinySV), that require to be tackled with an on-device
   learning algorithm.  Achieving this goal required (i) reducing the memory
   and computational demand of TinyML learning algorithms, and (ii) designing a
   TinyML learning algorithm operating with few and possibly unlabelled
   training data.  The proposed TinySV solution relies on a two-layer
   hierarchical TinyML solution comprising Keyword Spotting and Adaptive
   Speaker Verification module.  We evaluated the effectiveness and efficiency
   of the proposed TinySV solution on a dataset collected expressly for the
   task and tested the proposed solution on a real-world IoT device (Infineon
   PSoC 62S2 Wi-Fi BT Pioneer Kit). © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE embeddedml; on-device learning; speaker verification; spotting; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; computational demands;
   embedded-system; embeddedml; machine learning algorithms; machine learning;
   on-device learning; speaker verification; spotting; tinyml; training data;
   embedded systems

---

UT 210
AR Barusco M, 2025, IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK, P4026,
   DOI 10.1109/CVPRW67362.2025.00387
TI PaSTe: Improving the Efficiency of Visual Anomaly Detection at the Edge
AU Barusco M; Borsatti F; Pezze DD; Paissan F; Farella E; Susto GA
TC 3
SO IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK
PY 2025
AB Visual Anomaly Detection (VAD) has gained significant research attention for
   its ability to identify anomalous images and pinpoint the specific areas
   responsible for the anomaly.  A key advantage of VAD is its unsupervised
   nature, which eliminates the need for costly and time-consuming labeled data
   collection.  However, despite its potential for real-world applications, the
   literature has given limited focus to resource-efficient VAD, particularly
   for deployment on edge devices.  This work addresses this gap by leveraging
   lightweight neural networks to reduce memory and computation requirements,
   enabling VAD deployment on resource-constrained edge devices.  We benchmark
   the major VAD algorithms within this framework and demonstrate the
   feasibility of edge-based VAD using the well-known MVTec dataset.
   Furthermore, we introduce a novel algorithm, Partially Shared Teacher-
   student (PaSTe), designed to address the high resource demands of the
   existing Student Teacher Feature Pyramid Matching (STFPM) approach.  Our
   results show that PaSTe decreases the inference time by 25%, while reducing
   the training time by 33 % and peak RAM usage during training by 76 %.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; computer vision; edge; efficient architectures; tinyml
ID edge detection; personnel training; random access storage; students;
   teaching; anomaly detection; data collection; edge; efficient architecture;
   labeled data; real-world; specific areas; teachers; tinyml; visual
   anomalies; anomaly detection; computer vision

---

UT 266
AR Sun B, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.629
TI TinyNIDS: CNN-Based Network Intrusion Detection System on TinyML Models in
   6G Environments
AU Sun B; Zhao Y/2
TC 3
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB With the evolution of network technologies from 5G to 6G, security has
   become increasingly critical due to the vast number of connected devices and
   the decentralized nature of network architectures.  TinyNIDS addresses these
   challenges by leveraging a lightweight CNN (TinyCNN) optimized through
   quantization and pruning, enabling real-time intrusion detection on
   resource-constrained edge devices.  This paper presents TinyNIDS, a CNN-
   based network intrusion detection system designed for deployment on TinyML
   models in 6G environments.  The system aligns with the demands of 6G
   networks, including ultra-low latency, high throughput, and decentralized
   processing, ensuring robust threat detection without centralized
   bottlenecks.  Extensive experiments demonstrate the superior performance of
   TinyCNN compared to traditional models, achieving higher accuracy, lower
   false positive and false negative rates, and reduced latency.  The results
   validate the effectiveness of TinyNIDS as a scalable and efficient solution
   for real-time network security in next-generation networks.  © 2024 John
   Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE 6g networks; cnn-based intrusion detection; edge computing; tiny machine
   learning
ID 5g mobile communication systems; intrusion detection; queueing networks; 6g
   network; cnn-based intrusion detection; decentralized; edge computing;
   intrusion detection; machine learning; network intrusion detection systems;
   network technologies; quantization; tiny machine learning; network intrusion

---

UT 314
AR Kadve G, 2025, ENG, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.105165
TI Engineering a multi model fallback system for edge devices
AU Kadve G; Chowdhury A; Singh VK; Pal A/2
TC 3
SO ENG
PY 2025
AB Machine learning (ML) is an effective way to extract information from data
   and perform decision making on it.  The growing deployment of machine
   learning applications in edge environments, such as IoT devices and embedded
   systems, has highlighted the need for efficient, resource-aware systems for
   edge environments.  This paper presents a novel multi-model fallback system
   designed for deployment on resource-constrained edge devices, leveraging the
   advancements of TinyML. The proposed system utilizes a model pool of
   optimized models and a confidence-based switching mechanism to dynamically
   select the most reliable model for inference.  Through the integration of
   optimization techniques such as quantization, pruning, and clustering, the
   system achieves significant reductions in model size and inference time
   without compromising accuracy.  The system's efficacy is validated through
   extensive experiments using the benchmark MNIST and CIFAR10 datasets,
   demonstrating its ability to balance trade-offs among accuracy, speed, and
   resource usage.  The experimental analysis shows that the proposed
   optimization techniques reduce the size of the model ranging from 57% to 90%
   while ensuring its effectiveness.  The proposed approach highlights the
   selection of a threshold value to make models adaptive to the considered
   application.  The results show the system's adaptability, positioning it as
   a compelling option for real-time, low-power tasks in different engineering
   areas such as IoT, autonomous technologies, and continuous monitoring.  ©
   2025 The Author(s)
DE edge computing; iot; machine learning; resource-constrained devices; tinyml
ID cluster analysis; multitask learning; resource allocation; decisions
   makings; edge computing; extract informations; iot; machine learning
   applications; machine learning; multi-modelling; optimization techniques;
   resource-constrained devices; tinyml; decision making

---

UT 335
AR Kokkinis A, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14020247
TI Fast Resource Estimation of FPGA-Based MLP Accelerators for TinyML
   Applications
AU Kokkinis A; Siozios K
TC 3
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) demands the development of edge solutions
   that are both low-latency and power-efficient.  To achieve these on System-
   on-Chip (SoC) FPGAs, co-design methodologies, such as hls4ml, have emerged
   aiming to speed up the design process.  In this context, fast estimation of
   FPGA’s utilized resources is needed to rapidly assess the feasibility of a
   design.  In this paper, we propose a resource estimator for fully customized
   (bespoke) multilayer perceptrons (MLPs) designed through the hls4ml
   workflow.  Through the analysis of bespoke MLPs synthesized using Xilinx
   High-Level Synthesis (HLS) tools, we developed resource estimation models
   for the dense layers’ arithmetic modules and registers.  These models
   consider the unique characteristics inherent to the bespoke nature of the
   MLPs.  Our estimator was evaluated on six different architectures for
   synthetic and real benchmarks, which were designed using Xilinx Vitis HLS
   2022.1 targeting the ZYNQ-7000 FPGAs.  Our experimental analysis
   demonstrates that our estimator can accurately predict the required
   resources in terms of the utilized Look-Up Tables (LUTs), Flip-Flops (FFs),
   and Digital Signal Processing (DSP) units in less than 147 ms of single-
   threaded execution.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE fpga; high level synthesis; hls4ml; resource estimator; tinyml

---

UT 340
AR Seyedzadeh S, 2025, J MANUF MATER PROCESS, V9, DOI 10.3390/jmmp9070210
TI Optimising Manufacturing Efficiency: A Data Analytics Solution for Machine
   Utilisation and Production Insights
AU Seyedzadeh S; Christodoulou V; Turner A; Lotfian S
TC 3
SO J MANUF MATER PROCESS
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a non-invasive, data-driven methodology for monitoring
   and optimising machine utilisation in manufacturing environments.  By
   analysing high-resolution power consumption data, the system automatically
   classifies machine states (off, idling, and working, and segments
   operational periods into discrete production events.  Unsupervised learning
   techniques enable the identification of production patterns, product
   typologies, and anomalies, supporting improvements in operational efficiency
   and quality control.  The approach also estimates energy consumption and
   cost using time-of-use tariffs, offering insights into both performance and
   sustainability.  Experimental evaluations across multiple industrial
   settings demonstrate the method’s robustness, with high agreement with
   production records and significant potential for reducing idle time,
   improving scheduling, and enhancing resource allocation.  This work presents
   a scalable and interpretable analytics framework to support data-driven
   decision-making in modern manufacturing operations.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE machine utilization analytics; non-invasive power monitoring; predictive
   maintenance; smart manufacturing; tinyml
ID decision making; energy utilization; predictive maintenance; smart
   manufacturing; unsupervised learning; analytic solution; data analytics;
   machine utilization analytic; machines utilizations; manufacturing
   efficiency; non-invasive power monitoring; power monitoring; predictive
   maintenance; smart manufacturing; tinyml; predictive analytics

---

UT 342
AR Chae B, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V17, P196, DOI 10.1109/LES.2024.3485630
TI TinyMo: Graph-Level Memory Optimizer for Tiny Machine Learning
AU Chae B; Heo S
TC 3
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB Effective memory optimization is essential for tiny machine learning because
   tiny embedded systems generally have limited memory for model execution.
   Previous research has proposed various model compression methods to reduce
   the memory usage of machine learning models.  However, the methods often
   entail accuracy loss resulting from altering model weights.  This letter
   proposes a graph-level memory optimizer for tiny embedded systems, TinyMo,
   which optimizes the memory usage of an input model by changing the structure
   of the model graph.  TinyMo mainly uses two optimization methods: 1) tensor
   spilling and 2) tensor splitting, to reduce unnecessary memory usage from
   long skip connections and large separable convolutions.  In the evaluation,
   this letter shows that the proposed optimizer can successfully reduce the
   peak memory usage of various neural network models for commercial embedded
   systems with little runtime overhead.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE machine learning framework; neural network optimization; tiny machine
   learning
ID embedded-system; learning frameworks; machine learning framework; machine
   learning; memory optimization; memory usage; neural network optimization;
   optimizers; tiny machine learning; contrastive learning

---

UT 349
AR Cerioli A, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P90970, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3567816
TI Efficient Detection of Microplastics on Edge Devices With Tailored Compiler
   for TinyML Applications
AU Cerioli A; Petrosino L; Sasso D; Laroche C; Piechowiak T; Pezzarossa L;
   Merone M; Vollero L; Sabatini A
TC 3
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB The current study aims to train and benchmark AI models tailored for the
   detection of microplastic inwater from scattered signals.We trained two
   different models, the first based on a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) and the
   second on a Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU). A Neural Architecture Search
   algorithm was used to determine the optimal configuration for each of the
   two models.  Moreover, for deployment on edge devices, a specific custom-
   made compiler was designed and used.  The compiler is specifically designed
   for TinyML applications and, therefore, for resource-constrained devices.
   It bypasses traditional inference engines, compiling the NNs to native C
   code using only standard C libraries.  Our approach demonstrated better
   performance compared to state-of-the-art frameworks such as ONNX Runtime,
   achieving better latency, memory usage, energy consumption, and a higher
   portability.  This highlights the potential of our method for efficient and
   effective microplastic detection in environmental monitoring.  © 2025 The
   Authors.
DE compiler; microplastic detection; quantization; tinyml
ID arts computing; pattern recognition; recurrent neural networks; current;
   compiler; efficient detection; microplastic detection; microplastics;
   multilayers perceptrons; neural architectures; quantization; scattered
   signals; tinyml; program compilers

---

UT 393
AR Samanta R, 2025, PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS, DOI
   10.1145/3703412.3703438
TI LeafSense: A Portable, Low-Cost, Low-Power Plant Disease Diagnostic Device
   Using TinyML
AU Samanta R; Saha B; Ghosh SK
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS
PY 2025
AB In this paper, we present LeafSense, a novel device designed for offline
   plant leaf disease detection, leveraging the ESP32-CAM microcontroller unit
   (MCU), a 2.56-inch TFT display, and TinyML technology.  Our solution is
   aimed at providing a low-cost, low-power, and privacy-preserving method
   suitable for precision farming, particularly in remote areas with limited
   internet connectivity.  Unlike existing methods that rely on computational
   offloading or high-cost edge devices, LeafSense offers standalone
   functionality at a very affordable price, making it accessible to all
   classes of farmers.  Tested on benchmark dataset, the model achieved an
   accuracy of 92%, showcasing its reliability and effectiveness in real-world
   scenarios.  The device demonstrates efficient on-device inference, offering
   a sustainable and scalable solution for agriculture.  © 2024 Copyright held
   by the owner/author(s).
DE computer vision; esp32 cam; on-device inference; plant disease detection;
   precision-farming; sustainable agriculture; tinyml
ID benchmarking; diagnosis; diseases; microcontrollers; smart agriculture;
   disease detection; esp32 cam; low power; low-costs; on-device inference;
   plant disease; plant disease detection; precision-farming; sustainable
   agriculture; tinyml; cams

---

UT 422
AR Sabovic A, 2025, INTERNET THING, V30, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101488
TI Energy-aware tinyML model selection on zero energy devices
AU Sabovic A; Fontaine J; Poorter ED; Famaey J
TC 3
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (tinyML) enables the efficient deployment of machine
   learning models on resource-constrained Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
   However, in scenarios where energy availability is variable and
   unpredictable, such as with zero energy devices (ZEDs) reliant on energy
   harvesters, deployed tinyML models are often compressed to accommodate
   worst-case energy constraints, leading to diminished accuracy.  To address
   this challenge, we propose a strategy of deploying multiple tinyML models
   concurrently on ZEDs to maximize model accuracy within the time-varying
   constraints of memory, execution time, and energy.  We introduce a
   mathematical optimization framework that dynamically selects the most
   suitable tinyML model for execution based on current and predicted energy
   availability.  We validate our approach through experimental evaluation,
   where we develop, train, and assess two machine learning models in a Cloud
   environment before optimizing them into tinyML models of differing sizes and
   accuracies.  Our methodology is tested using a prototype for photovoltaic-
   powered battery-less gesture detection and recognition, employing a
   controlled setup with artificial lighting conditions.  Results indicate
   that, under constant harvesting current, the smaller tinyML model exhibits
   superior execution speed, with two more executions on average, while the
   larger model yields approximately 28% higher accuracy.  As expected, in a
   more realistic scenario with dynamic harvesting currents and employing our
   optimization algorithm, the device automatically prioritizes the larger
   tinyML model for inference when plentiful energy can be harvested due to its
   improved accuracy, while switching to the smaller model otherwise.  © 2025
   Elsevier B.V.
DE battery-less ai; energy harvesting; energy aware optimization; gesture
   detection and recognition; multiple tinyml; sustainable iot

---

UT 468
AR Girdhar N, 2025, SOFT COMPUT, V29, P4823, DOI 10.1007/s00500-025-10854-y
TI A comprehensive review of frugal artificial intelligence: challenges,
   applications, and the road to sustainable AI
AU Girdhar N; Raj A; Sharma D; Singh V; Doucet A; Renz M
TC 3
SO SOFT COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Artificial Intelligence (AI) has demonstrated its transformative impact in
   creating learning models, processing extensive datasets, and executing
   intricate calculations rapidly.  Nevertheless, achieving optimal performance
   with AI models demands substantial investment in powerful and expensive
   high-end hardware.  The learning models running on the hardware are complex,
   requiring massive data and huge training time.  However, the race to achieve
   higher accuracy and computational limitations of AI further poses a threat
   to the environment and thus provides motivation to develop AI technology
   that is cost-effective, scalable, and suitable for resource-constrained
   environments, Frugal Artificial Intelligence, or Frugal AI. The objective of
   this paper is to present a detailed survey of the latest concepts and
   applications of Frugal AI. The definition, concept, history, and evolution
   of Frugal AI are discussed in the paper.  The article presents the key
   characteristics of Frugal AI, as well as the ethical considerations and
   techniques needed for developing Frugal AI systems.  Further, the challenges
   in Frugal AI are discussed along with potential future research directions.
   The paper concludes by highlighting the role of Frugal AI in Industry 4.0.
   This paper provides a comprehensive overview of Frugal AI and will help
   researchers, practitioners, and policymakers to better understand the
   technology and aim for sustainable and green computation.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of Springer
   Nature 2025.
DE artificial intelligence; deep learning; frugal ai; internet of things;
   machine learning; scalability; tinyml
ID cost effectiveness; deep learning; engineering education; green computing;
   green manufacturing; industry 40; investments; learning systems; deep
   learning; frugal artificial intelligence; intelligence models; learning
   models; machine learning; massive data; model processing; optimal
   performance; substantial investments; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 483
AR Puślecki T, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V17, P71, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2024.3482002
TI A Novel One-Versus-All Approach for Multiclass Classification in TinyML
   Systems
AU Puślecki T; Walkowiak K
TC 3
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB The recent progress in TinyML technologies triggers the need to address the
   challenge of balancing inference time and recognition quality.  TinyML
   systems are defined by specific constraints in computation, memory and
   energy.  These constraints emphasize the need for specialized optimization
   techniques when implementing machine learning (ML) applications on such
   platforms.  While deep neural networks are popular in TinyML systems,
   exploring simple classifiers is also worthwhile.  In this work, we consider
   a modification of the one-versus-all (OVA) approach in a multiclass task of
   computer vision in TinyML systems.  This modification, named thresholded OVA
   (TOVA), enables control over classification accuracy, influencing both
   latency and energy consumption per inference.  By testing various
   combinations of hyperparameters, we simulate the performance of a real
   device using metrics specific to TinyML systems.  The results show that the
   proposed method significantly saves energy and speeds up computation, at the
   cost of slightly lower-overall accuracy of the TinyML system.  © 2009-2012
   IEEE.
DE binary classifiers; embedded systems; energy-consumption; fuzzy logic;
   tinyml
ID computer circuits; contrastive learning; deep neural networks; energy
   utilization; fuzzy inference; binary classifiers; embedded-system; energy;
   energy-consumption; fuzzy logic; machine learning applications; multi-class
   classification; optimization techniques; recent progress; tinyml; embedded
   systems

---

UT 567
AR Rehman A, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P5683, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2025.3552533
TI LEMS: Optimized Large Model Framework for Edge-AI in Consumer Internet of
   Things Devices
AU Rehman A; Mahmood K; Ul Hassan M; Javed MW; Aurangzeb K; Anwar MS
TC 3
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB Edge computing plays a critical role in enabling real-time deployment of
   artificial intelligence (AI) on resource-constrained consumer IoT devices.
   These devices face significant challenges in balancing energy efficiency,
   latency, accuracy, and security.  To address these issues, an Optimized
   Lightweight Large Model Framework (LEMS) is proposed that enhances advanced
   model compression techniques, including pruning and quantization, to reduce
   computational and memory demands.  Additionally, LEMS employs a hybrid edge-
   cloud processing architecture that optimizes resource utilization by
   offloading complex tasks to the cloud while maintaining low-latency
   performance at the edge.  To ensure data security, the framework integrates
   lightweight cryptographic protocols, ensuring privacy without overwhelming
   the constrained devices.  The LEMS evaluated on various IoT platforms,
   including Raspberry Pi 4 and ESP32 microcontrollers, using real-world
   dataset: MIMIC-III. Results show that LEMS reduces model size by up to 40%
   and cuts energy consumption by 15%, while preserving 91% inference accuracy.
   Moreover, the hybrid processing reduced latency by 60%, and the security
   mechanisms incurred less than 5% computational overhead.  © IEEE. 1975-2011
   IEEE.
DE consumer electronics; data privacy; edge computing; energy efficiency; iot;
   lightweight large models; model compression; tinyml
ID balancing energy; edge computing; energy; iot; large models; lightweight
   large model; model compression; modeling framework; real- time; tinyml;
   computation offloading

---

UT 631
AR Mellit A, 2025, IEEE TRANS IND APPL, V61, P8158, DOI
   10.1109/TIA.2025.3556792
TI TinyML for Fault Diagnosis of Photovoltaic Modules Using Edge Impulse
   Platform and IR Thermography Images
AU Mellit A; Blasuttigh N; Pastore S; Zennaro M/1; Massi Pavan A
TC 3
SO IEEE TRANS IND APPL
PY 2025
AB Fault detection, localization and diagnosis are critical for increasing the
   efficiency and dependability of photovoltaic (PV) plants.  In this paper, a
   fault diagnosis method for PV modules is developed using a Machine Learning
   (ML) platform (Edge Impulse) and infrared images.  The idea is to develop a
   TinyML model to classify certain defects that can frequently occur on PV
   modules (e.g., dirty, short-circuit and sand deposit on PV modules) and
   check the feasibility of the developed TinyML model by integrating it into a
   low-cost and lower power microcontroller (MCU). In this regard, a database
   of infrared thermography images was built and used.  Then, different
   MobileNets versions are evaluated and compared in terms of accuracy,
   hardware resources and inference latency.  Simulation and co-simulation
   results clearly report the feasibility of the method based on two different
   MCUs, with a maximum classification accuracy of 98%. The key advantage of
   the used platform is that the embedded ML models can be developed quickly
   and run locally without internet connection.  Moreover, edge processes are
   not affected by latency, bandwidth limitations, energy constraints, or data
   privacy issues, making them outstanding methods for real-time diagnostics.
   To verify the ability of the developed TinyML model to classify defects in
   real- time, the model has been experimentally evaluated and the results
   demonstrated its capability to diagnose PV modules with good accuracy.  ©
   1972-2012 IEEE.
DE edge device; edge impulse; fault diagnosis; photovoltaic; tinyml
ID edge device; edge impulse; fault localization; faults detection; faults
   diagnosis; ir-thermography; photovoltaic modules; photovoltaic plant;
   photovoltaics; tinyml; thermography ( imaging )

---

UT 667
AR Abou El Houda Z, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P7192, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2025.3559004
TI When Federated Learning Meets Knowledge Distillation to Secure Consumer Edge
   Network
AU Abou El Houda Z; Moudoud H; Brik B
TC 3
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB Consumer networks face several security challenges due to the distributed
   nature of edge devices and the sensitive data they handle.  Federated
   Learning (FL) presents a promising paradigm for collaborative model training
   in distributed environments.  However, its implementation in edge consumer
   networks raises concerns about model heterogeneity, communication
   efficiency, and reverse engineering attacks.  To address these issues, in
   this paper, we introduce SKDFL, a novel framework that leverages Knowledge
   Distillation (KD) and Secure Multi-Party Computation (SMPC) techniques to
   enhance communication efficiency while preserving data privacy in edge
   consumer networks.  Through the use of KD, the distilled knowledge is
   transmitted between devices, significantly reducing communication overhead.
   Additionally, we incorporate lightweight encryption mechanisms to protect
   soft-labels from reverse engineering attacks using SMPC. We evaluate our
   proposed framework using two public datasets and demonstrate its efficiency
   in reducing communication costs, achieving up to a 92.4% reduction compared
   to conventional FL methods.  Moreover, SKDFL achieves high performances in
   terms of accuracy and F1-score in both binary and multi-class classification
   while preserving the privacy of clients.  Our obtained results show the
   potential of SKDFL to address the challenges of communication efficiency and
   data privacy in FL for edge consumer networks, paving the way for secure and
   efficient collaborative learning in consumer networks.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE edge consumer network; federated learning; knowledge distillation; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; differential privacy; collaborative modeling;
   communication efficiency; distributed environments; edge consumer network;
   edge networks; knowledge distillation; model training; secure multi-party
   computation; security challenges; tinyml; federated learning

---

UT 742
AR Flores TKS, 2025, IEEE MICRO, V45, P76, DOI 10.1109/MM.2024.3354323
TI Advancing Tiny Machine Learning Operations: Robust Model Updates in the
   Internet of Intelligent Vehicles
AU Flores TKS; Silva I; Azevedo MB; Medeiros TDAD; Medeiros MDA; Costa DG;
   Ferrari P; Sisinni E
TC 3
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2025
AB The Internet of Intelligent Vehicles is becoming increasingly important, and
   embedded machine learning is gaining popularity due to new development
   paradigms.  However, the demand for machine learning model updates on
   embedded systems has become relevant in multiple scenarios.  This article
   proposes a methodology for tiny machine learning operations within the
   context of the Internet of Intelligent Vehicles, utilizing affordable
   microcontrollers based on the ESP32 platform.  The solution presented in the
   article consists of two ESP32 devices: one functioning as a radio station
   (RS) and the other as the microcontroller of an onboard diagnostic (OBD-II)
   scanner.  The RS hosts the updated model and transmits it to the OBD-II
   scanner using the Espressif Systems Peer-to-Peer Over Wi-Fi communication
   protocol over 802.11 Wi-Fi.  Experimental results demonstrate significant
   improvement in model performance postupdate, but the article also identifies
   critical challenges to model robustness because of the use of the
   interpreter method on microcontrollers.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID embedded systems; ieee standards; intelligent vehicle highway systems;
   machine learning; microcontrollers; vehicles; wi-fi; atmospheric modeling;
   diagnostic scanner; embedded machines; embedded-system; hardware; machine
   learning models; machine learning; model updates; performances evaluation;
   robust modeling; controllers

---

UT 904
AR Nikandish R, 2025, IEEE J MICROW, V5, P281, DOI 10.1109/JMW.2024.3518757
TI Contactless Glucose Sensing Using Miniature mm-Wave Radar and Tiny Machine
   Learning
AU Nikandish R; Sheedy C; He J; Crowe R; Rao D
TC 3
SO IEEE J MICROW
PY 2025
AB In this article, we present a contactless glucose sensing system called
   GlucoRadar, which leverages a miniature low-power mm-wave radar for data
   collection, data augmentation to boost the training data, and tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) for the classification of glucose concentration.  The
   frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar operates in the 60 GHz band
   and comprises one transmitter (TX) and three receiver (RX) channels
   (1TX–3RX). The radar detects features of glucose aqueous solutions at a
   distance of 4.8 cm.  The data collected by the radar is processed, and
   multiple features based on the peak magnitude of the spectrum and signal
   energy are extracted.  Data augmentation is applied by adding random noise
   to generate additional synthetic training data.  A tiny convolutional neural
   network (CNN) is developed to classify 16 classes of glucose concentrations
   in the range of 50–200 mg/dL with a fine resolution of 10 mg/dL. The tiny
   CNN achieves a classification accuracy of 91.4%, comprises 153,074
   parameters, and occupies 598 kB of memory, making it suitable for
   implementation on a commercial microcontroller unit (MCU). The developed
   system, evaluated using in vitro tests, is promising for future wearable
   electronic devices.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE ai; contactless healthcare; convolutional neural network ( cnn ); glucose
   sensing; mmwave; radar; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); wireless sensing
ID chirp modulation; convolutional neural networks; frequency modulation; image
   analysis; mhealth; millimeter-wave devices; signal receivers; contact less;
   contactless healthcare; convolutional neural network; glucose sensing;
   machine learning; mm waves; tiny machine learning; wave radars; wireless
   sensing; glucose sensors

---

UT 5
AR Lv B, 2025, COMPUT ELECTR ENG, V123, DOI 10.1016/j.compeleceng.2025.110197
TI Design of a low-power intelligent system for optimizing railway tunnel
   settlement data stream processing using TinyMLt
AU Lv B; Wang L/3; Liu X/1; Liu B/1; Liu B; Zhang Z; Li Y; Shi F
TC 2
SO COMPUT ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB The advancement of TinyML technologies has opened new avenues for designing
   low-power intelligent systems, significantly enhancing the processing
   capabilities of embedded devices in critical infrastructure.  To overcome
   these limitations, we propose a Dynamic Geomechanical Prediction Framework
   (DGPF) integrated with a novel Adaptive Learning-Informed Simulation (ALIS)
   strategy.  The DGPF combines physics-informed simulations with data-driven
   corrections, leveraging finite element modeling and machine learning
   techniques to capture intricate soil-tunnel interactions.  The ALIS strategy
   enhances model adaptability and efficiency by incorporating real-time
   monitoring data, adaptive parameter calibration, and multi-fidelity
   modeling.  This study introduces a low-power intelligent framework for
   railway tunnel settlement prediction, leveraging TinyML to enhance
   scalability and energy efficiency.  By integrating physics-informed
   simulations with data-driven corrections through a Dynamic Geomechanical
   Prediction Framework (DGPF), the proposed approach addresses the nonlinear
   complexities of settlement processes.  The framework achieves a 35%
   reduction in prediction errors and a 50% improvement in computational
   efficiency compared to traditional methods.  Experimental results
   demonstrate its practical applicability for real-time settlement monitoring
   in safety-critical geotechnical engineering scenarios.  © 2025
DE adaptive modeling; geotechnical engineering; intelligent systems; railway
   tunnel settlement; tinyml
ID adaptive learning; adaptive models; data driven; geotechnical; low power;
   railway tunnel settlement; railway tunnels; simulation strategies; tinyml;
   tunnel settlements; railroad tunnels

---

UT 11
AR Liu S, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.645
TI Edge Computing Enables Assessment of Student Community Building: An Emotion
   Recognition Method Based on TinyML
AU Liu S
TC 2
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Deep network-based video sentiment analysis is crucial for online evaluation
   tasks.  However, these deep models are difficult to run on intelligent edge
   devices with limited computing resources.  In addition, video data are
   susceptible to lighting interference, distortion, and background noise,
   which severely limits the performance of facial expression recognition.  To
   relieve these issues, we develop an effective multi-scale semantic fusion
   tiny machine learning (TinyML) model based on a spatiotemporal graph
   convolutional network (ST-GCN) which enables robust expression recognition
   from facial landmark sequences.  Specifically, we construct regional-
   connected graph data based on facial landmarks which are collected from
   cameras on different mobile devices.  In existing spatiotemporal graph
   convolutional networks, we leverage the multi-scale semantic fusion
   mechanism to mine the hierarchical structure of facial landmarks.  The
   experimental results on CK+ and online student community assessment
   sentiment analysis (OSCASA) dataset confirm that our approach yields
   comparable results.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE expression recognition; multi-scale semantic fusion; regional-connected
   graph; spatio-temporal graph convolutional network; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; emotion recognition;
   mobile edge computing; semantics; video analysis; connected graph;
   convolutional networks; expression recognition; machine learning; multi-
   scale semantic fusion; multi-scales; regional-connected graph; semantic
   fusion; spatio-temporal graphs; spatio-temporal graph convolutional network;
   tiny machine learning; convolution

---

UT 24
AR El Haddouti S, 2025, COMPUT, V107, DOI 10.1007/s00607-025-01522-y
TI TinyML strategies for privacy-preserving and cyber threat multi-
   classification in edge-IoT networks
AU El Haddouti S; Lazraq W
TC 2
SO COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Edge IoT and Machine Learning (ML) technologies have experienced rapid
   growth, enabling intelligent systems across diverse sectors such as
   healthcare, logistics, and Industry 4.0. However, the massive distributed
   data generated by IoT devices often contains sensitive information, raising
   critical security and privacy concerns.  This underscores the need for real-
   time threat detection on resource-constrained devices.  To address these
   challenges, this paper introduces a novel approach for threat detection
   based on Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), a lightweight ML paradigm tailored
   for edge environments.  The proposed approach applies a series of
   optimization strategies for both tree-based and neural-based models,
   including feature selection based on importance scoring, hyperparameter
   tuning, quantization, pruning, and sparsification.  Experimental evaluations
   on four benchmark datasets, CICIoT2023, Edge-IIoTset, CICIDS2017, and RT-
   IoT2022, demonstrate that the optimized TinyML models remain competitive
   with conventional ML approaches, achieving accuracies exceeding 98%, while
   significantly reducing inference time and resource usage.  To ensure data
   integrity and secure communication, cryptographic signatures are implemented
   using Libsodium and the EdDSA scheme.  Additionally, approach robustness is
   assessed under adversarial conditions using Fast Gradient Sign Method
   (FGSM), Projected Gradient Descent (PGD), HopSkipJump, and Boundary
   techniques.  These results highlight the potential of the proposed approach
   to enhance security and privacy in Edge-IoT networks, paving the way for
   scalable, efficient, and trustworthy edge intelligence solutions for real-
   time threat detection.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of Springer Nature 2025.
DE edge computing; edge intelligence; intrusion detection systems; iot;
   privacy; tiny machine learning
ID computer privacy; edge detection; gradient methods; internet of things;
   intrusion detection; learning systems; machine learning; network security;
   privacy-preserving techniques; edge computing; edge intelligence; intrusion
   detection systems; iot; machine learning; privacy; real- time; security and
   privacy; threat detection; tiny machine learning; edge computing

---

UT 44
AR Hélène OK, 2025, SMART AGRIC TECHNOL, V12, DOI 10.1016/j.atech.2025.101162
TI TinyML and IoT-enabled system for automated chicken egg quality analysis and
   monitoring
AU Hélène OK; Kuradusenge M; Sibomana L; Mwaisekwa II
TC 2
SO SMART AGRIC TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB The poultry industry grapples with challenges in maintaining optimal egg
   quality during incubation, with environmental factors such as temperature,
   humidity, and lighting playing crucial roles.  Traditional methods of egg
   quality assessment often lack precision and can be time-consuming and
   costly.  This study addresses these challenges by introducing an innovative
   solution that combines Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Internet of Things
   (IoT) technologies, offering a transformative approach to automating the egg
   mirage process and improving overall egg quality analysis.  The web-based
   program provides real-time feedback on egg quality, utilizing a
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) algorithm.  Our system, implemented on
   Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense, demonstrated remarkable performance with a TinyML
   classification F1-Score of 97.4 % and an accuracy rate of 95.79 %, paving
   the way for a more precise and efficient method of egg quality monitoring.
   The success of this research not only revolutionizes egg quality monitoring
   in the poultry industry but also sets a precedent for the integration of AI
   and IoT in addressing complex challenges in agricultural practices,
   including power management.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE artificial intelligence; chicken eggs; iot; machine learning; tinyml

---

UT 54
AR Vitolo P, 2025, MICROPROCESS MICROSYST, V117, DOI
   10.1016/j.micpro.2025.105183
TI Real-time neural network-based thermal stress compensation for pressure
   sensors in precision localization systems
AU Vitolo P; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Pau D; Licciardo GD
TC 2
SO MICROPROCESS MICROSYST
PY 2025
AB This article presents a real-time Artificial Intelligence-based
   Reconfigurable Self-Calibration Unit (AI-ReSCU) for piezoresistive MEMS
   pressure sensors, designed to mitigate long-term drift effects induced by
   thermal stress.  The system integrates a compact and reconfigurable neural
   network to dynamically estimate and correct sensor inaccuracies with minimal
   energy and area overhead.  The architecture comprises a trigger module for
   detecting deviations from nominal behavior and a compensation engine driven
   by a quantized neural network optimized for hardware efficiency.  The
   network processes temporal input windows and operates using 24-bit
   activations and 1-bit weights, enabling real-time inference with ultra-low
   power consumption.  The fully digital system was prototyped in
   STMicroelectronics’ BCD8 technology, occupying 0.55 mm2 and achieving a
   dynamic power consumption of 4.46 nW under typical conditions, thanks to
   extensive resource reuse and clock gating strategies.  Offline experimental
   validation on LPS22HH pressure sensors demonstrated the system's ability to
   recover up to 1.6 hPa of drift-induced error with a recovery latency of
   approximately 50 input samples, while maintaining measurement deviations
   within ±0.5 hPa across multiple stress scenarios.  © 2025
DE hardware accelerators; pressure sensors; self calibration; thermal drift;
   tinyml
ID calibration; computer system recovery; electric power utilization; low power
   electronics; microelectronics; neural networks; reconfigurable hardware;
   thermal stress; hardware accelerators; network-based; neural networks; real-
   time; reconfigurable; self calibration; stress compensation; thermal;
   thermal drifts; tinyml; pressure sensors

---

UT 65
AR Said N, 2025, COMPUT NETWORKS, V269, DOI 10.1016/j.comnet.2025.111437
TI EdgeBoost: Confidence boosting for resource constrained inference via
   selective offloading
AU Said N; Landsiedel O
TC 2
SO COMPUT NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Deploying large Deep Neural Networks with state-of-the-art accuracy on edge
   devices is often impractical due to their limited resources.  This paper
   introduces EdgeBoost, a selective input offloading system designed to
   overcome the challenges of limited computational resources on edge devices.
   EdgeBoost trains and calibrates a lightweight model for deployment on the
   edge and, in addition, deploys a large, complex model on the cloud.  During
   inference, the edge model makes initial predictions for input samples, and
   if the confidence of the prediction is low, the sample is sent to the cloud
   model for further processing, otherwise, we accept the local prediction.
   Through careful calibration, EdgeBoost reduces the communication cost by
   55%, 27% and 20% for the CIFAR-100, ImageNet-1k and Stanford Cars datasets,
   respectively, when compared to an cloud-only solution while achieving on-par
   classification accuracy.  Furthermore, EdgeBoost reduces the total inference
   latency from 148 ms to 123.84 ms per inference compared to a cloud-only
   solution.  Our evaluation also shows that calibrating the edge model for
   such a collaborative edge–cloud setup results in accuracy gains of up to 8
   percent point, compared to an uncalibrated edge model.  Additionally,
   EdgeBoost, when used as an abstaining classifier, can improve accuracy by up
   to 9 percent points over an uncalibrated model.  Finally, EdgeBoost
   outperforms the Early Exit and Entropy thresholding baselines and achieves
   comparable accuracy to state-of-the-art routing-based methods without the
   need for hosting the router on the edge.  © 2025 The Authors
DE edge ai; inference offloading; lightweight models; mcu; model calibration;
   temperature scaling; tinyml
ID calibration; classification ( of information ); computation offloading; edge
   modeling; edge ai; inference offloading; lightweight model; mcu; model
   calibration; state of the art; temperature scaling; tinyml; uncalibrated;
   forecasting

---

UT 72
AR Hsu C-F, 2025, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V24, DOI 10.1145/3706107
TI StreamNet++: Memory-Efficient Streaming TinyML Model Compilation on
   Microcontrollers
AU Hsu C-F; Zheng H-S; Liu Y-Y; Yeh TT
TC 2
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2025
AB The rapid growth of on-device artificial intelligence increases the
   importance of TinyML inference applications.  However, the stringent tiny
   memory space on the microcontroller unit (MCU) raises the grand challenge
   when deploying deep neural network (DNN) models on such a resource-
   constrained embedded system device.  Traditionally, the machine learning
   system platform executes operators in a layer-wise manner.  The layer-wise
   inference continues to the next operator before completing an operator.
   Thus, the DNN model compiler needs to allocate the SRAM memory space to
   store an operator's entire input and output tensor when using the layer-wise
   inference on an MCU. However, the layer-wise inference will run out of
   memory quickly when an operator's input and output tensor size in a DNN
   model is large.  Consequently, the patch-based inference work divides a
   tensor into multiple small patches and only stores a small one to reduce the
   peak SRAM memory usage on an MCU. However, the computation of the
   overlapping patches tremendously increases the computational overhead of the
   patch-based inference and makes the patch-based inference undesirable on an
   MCU. Thus, this work presents StreamNet, a TinyML model compilation
   framework.  StreamNet employs the stream buffer to eliminate redundant
   computation of patch-based inference while using small SRAM memory space on
   an MCU. StreamNet typically uses one type of patch configuration in a DNN
   model and does not completely eliminate the memory bottleneck of TinyML
   models.  Unlike StreamNet, this article designs StreamNet++ patch-based
   variant inference that uses several types of patch configurations to
   completely remove the additional memory bottleneck even using StreamNet.
   Furthermore, StreamNet++ designs a parameter selection algorithm that
   quickly yields the best patch parameter candidates to meet the memory
   constraint of different MCUs.  As a result, in 10 TinyML models,
   StreamNet++2D stream processing achieves a geometric mean of 5.7X speedup
   and removes 78% of redundant MACs over the latest patch-based inference.  ©
   2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to
   ACM.
DE additional key words and phrasestinyml; dnn model compiler
ID buffer storage; dynamic random access storage; microcontrollers; program
   compilers; static random access storage; additional key word and
   phrasestinyml; deep neural network model compiler; input and outputs; key
   words; layer-wise; memory space; microcontroller unit; model compiler;
   neural network model; patch based; deep neural networks

---

UT 91
AR Muthusamy M, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-25678-x
TI TinyML with CTGAN based smart industry power load usage prediction with
   original and synthetic data visualization towards industry 5.0
AU Muthusamy M; Sureshkumar A; Shanmugam P; Kaveri PR; Mohamed MYN; Sridhar S
TC 2
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into adaptive and autonomous
   systems announces a new era for Industry 5.0. The concept emphasizes human-
   centric, sustainable, and intelligent industrial processes.  This study
   presents a comprehensive framework that combines supervised machine learning
   and generative modelling to predict and synthesize load types in industrial
   energy consumption data.  A TinyML achieved a prediction accuracy of 95% in
   categorizing load types, such as light load, medium load, and maximum load,
   when compared to another ensemble model that achieved 94%, a GRU model at
   82.8%, an LSTM with attention at 90.3%, and a traditional LSTM at 85.6%.
   Furthermore, a CTGAN-based tabular data generator was integrated to simulate
   realistic energy consumption patterns and facilitate advanced ‘what if’
   analysis without the constraints of original data availability.  The key
   features influencing load prediction included NSM, usage hours, and energy
   consumption.  In comparison to the traditional deep learning model, the
   proposed work is lightweight because it utilizes a tiny machine learning
   model for load classification and employs a generative adversarial network
   to effectively define the CO2 emission rate and power consumption process
   within the industry, all while operating in a resource-constrained
   environment without requiring additional resources.  This work highlights
   the crucial role of AI-driven autonomous systems in enhancing operational
   flexibility, promoting sustainability, and facilitating real-time human-AI
   collaboration in Industry 5.0 environments.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE conditional tabular generative adversarial networks; generative artificial
   intelligence; industry 50; load classification; synthetic data; tinyml
ID article; artificial intelligence; carbon dioxide emission; classification;
   data availability; data visualization; deep learning; diagnosis; energy-
   consumption; generative adversarial network; generative artificial
   intelligence; generative model; human; machine learning; patient transport
   device; prediction; simulation; supervised machine learning

---

UT 101
AR Weng X, 2025, SENS ACTUATORS B CHEM, V444, DOI 10.1016/j.snb.2025.138393
TI OdorNet: A lightweight odor recognition method for TinyML in handheld
   electronic noses using spatiotemporal pseudo-images
AU Weng X; Fu J; Ye J; Hu R; Yin J; Zhao B; He R
TC 2
SO SENS ACTUATORS B CHEM
PY 2025
AB Leveraging convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to process high-dimensional
   time-series data in electronic noses (e-noses) holds significant promise.
   However, several challenges persist, including odor pattern representation
   and model optimization for embedded devices.  Here, we propose a lightweight
   odor recognition method called OdorNet, designed for TinyML implementation
   in handheld e-noses powered by resource-constrained microcontrollers.
   OdorNet consists of Absolutized Difference Sensor Response (ADSR), Markov
   Transition Field (MTF), and a simplified convolutional encoder network
   (LiteCEN). The core concept is to convert the one-dimensional sensor
   response sequence at a given time into a two-dimensional pseudo-image using
   the MTF, which is then processed by LiteCEN for odor recognition.
   Particularly, these images are further expanded in both spatial and temporal
   dimensions through the ADSR and sparse frame concatenation, allowing for
   extraction of more information from fewer sensors.  The proposed method
   achieves an average recognition accuracy of 99.42 % in classifying six types
   of vinegar, outperforming LeNet-5 with the original MTF images and other
   methods.  Furthermore, we find that its performance remains stable with
   reduced sampling durations, even when only the gas intake phase is retained,
   significantly shortening the time required from detection to decision-
   making.  Finally, OdorNet is seamlessly integrated into a handheld e-nose
   with the ESP32-S3 microcontroller for real-time, end-to-end odor
   recognition, owing to its low computational complexity and compact memory
   footprint.  Moreover, OdorNet is effectively validated on a public dataset
   and compared with other CNN architectures.  The results demonstrate that
   OdorNet is a promising method for edge computing, offering significant
   advantages in cost-efficiency and miniaturization for e-noses.  © 2025
   Elsevier B.V.
DE convolutional encoder network; electronic nose; markov transition field;
   pseudo-image; tiny machine learning; virtual sensor signals
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; electronic devices; hand held
   computers; learning systems; markov processes; memory architecture;
   microcontrollers; odor control; one-dimensional; signal encoding;
   convolutional encoder network; convolutional encoders; machine learning;
   markov transition field; pseudo-image; sensor signals; tiny machine
   learning; transition fields; virtual sensor; virtual sensor signal;
   electronic nose

---

UT 102
AR Essahraui S, 2025, PLOS, V20, DOI 10.1371/journal.pone.0332577
TI FastKAN-DDD: A novel fast Kolmogorov-Arnold network-based approach for
   driver drowsiness detection optimized for TinyML deployment
AU Essahraui S; Lamaakal I; Maleh Y; El Makkaoui K; Bouami MF; Ouahbi I;
   Elmannai H; Abd El-Latif AA
TC 2
SO PLOS
PY 2025
AB Driver drowsiness is a leading cause of traffic accidents and fatalities,
   highlighting the urgent need for intelligent systems capable of real-time
   fatigue detection.  Although recent advancements in machine learning (ML)
   and deep learning (DL) have significantly improved detection accuracy, most
   existing models are computationally demanding and not well-suited for
   deployment in resource-limited environments such as microcontrollers.  While
   the emerging domain of TinyML presents promising avenues for such
   applications, there remains a substantial gap in the development of
   lightweight, interpretable, and high-performance models specifically
   tailored for embedded automotive systems.  This paper introduces FastKAN-
   DDD, an innovative driver drowsiness detection model grounded in the Fast
   Kolmogorov-Arnold Network (FastKAN) architecture.  The model incorporates
   learnable nonlinear activation functions based on radial basis functions
   (RBFs), facilitating efficient function approximation with a minimal number
   of parameters.  To enhance suitability for TinyML deployment, the model is
   further optimized through post-training quantization techniques, including
   dynamic range, float-16, and weight-only quantization.  Comprehensive
   experiments were conducted using the UTA-RLDD dataset—a real-world benchmark
   for driver drowsiness detection—evaluating the model across various input
   resolutions and quantization schemes.  The FastKAN-DDD model achieved a test
   accuracy of 99.94%, with inference latency as low as 0.04 ms and a total
   memory footprint of merely 35 KB, rendering it exceptionally well-suited for
   real-time inference on microcontroller-based systems.  Comparative
   evaluations further confirm that FastKAN surpasses several state-of-the-art
   TinyML models in terms of accuracy, computational efficiency, and model
   compactness.  Our code’s are publicly available at:
   https://github.com/sihamess/driver_drowsiness_detection_TinyML. Copyright: ©
   2025 Essahraui et al.  This is an open access article distributed under the
   terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits
   unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the
   original author and source are credited.
ID accidents traffic; algorithms; automobile driving; deep learning; humans;
   machine learning; neural networks computer; accuracy; article; artificial
   neural network; benchmarking; classification; computer model; controlled
   study; cross validation; data privacy; data processing; deep learning;
   driver; fast kolmogorov-arnold network; fatigue; human; human experiment;
   latent period; learning algorithm; machine learning; major clinical study;
   normal human; quality control; quantization; radial basis function;
   somnolence; traffic accident; training; validation process; algorithm; car
   driving; machine learning; prevention and control; traffic accident

---

UT 114
AR Jaiswal T, 2025, RECENT ADV ELECTR ELECTRON ENG, V18, P244, DOI
   10.2174/0123520965284529240407083504
TI Real-Time Multiple Object Detection Using Raspberry Pi and Tiny-ML Approach
AU Jaiswal T; Pandey M; Tripathi P
TC 2
SO RECENT ADV ELECTR ELECTRON ENG
PY 2025
AB Introduction: Object detection has been an essential task in computer vision
   for decades, and modern developments in computer vision and deep learning
   have greatly increased the accuracy of detecting systems.  However, the high
   computational requirements of deep learning-based object detection
   algorithms limit their applicability to resource-constrained systems, such
   as embedded devices.  Methods: With the advent of Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) devices, such as Raspberry Pi, it has become possible to deploy
   object detection systems on small, low-power devices.  Due to their
   accessibility and cost, Tiny-ML devices, such as Raspberry Pi, a single-
   board tiny-ML device that is extremely well-liked, have recently attracted a
   lot of attention.  Results: In this study, we present an enhanced SSD-based
   object detection approach and deploy the model using a tinyML device, i.e.,
   Raspberry Pi.  Conclusion: The proposed object detection model is
   lightweight and built utilizing Mobilenet-V2 as the underlying foundation.
   © 2025 Bentham Science Publishers.
DE cnn; dl; moblienetv2; object detection; raspberry pi; ssd; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; deep learning; object detection; detecting systems;
   dl; moblienetv2; modern development; multiple-object detections; objects
   detection; raspberry pi; real- time; ssd; tinyml; object recognition

---

UT 123
AR Wu G, 2025, IEEE INTER THINGS MAG, V8, P88, DOI 10.1109/MIOT.2025.3575927
TI Consolidating TinyML Lifecycle With Large Language Models: Reality,
   Illusion, or Opportunity?
AU Wu G; Tarkoma S; Morabito R
TC 2
SO IEEE INTER THINGS MAG
PY 2025
AB The evolving requirements of Internet of Things (IoT) applications are
   driving an increasing shift toward bringing intelligence to the edge,
   enabling real-time insights and decision-making within resource-constrained
   environments.  Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has emerged as a key enabler
   of this evolution, facilitating the deployment of ML models on devices such
   as microcontrollers and embedded systems.  However, the complexity of
   managing the TinyML lifecycle, including stages such as data processing,
   model optimization and conversion, and device deployment, presents
   significant challenges and often requires substantial human intervention.
   Motivated by these challenges, we began exploring whether Large Language
   Models (LLMs) could help automate and streamline the TinyML lifecycle.  We
   developed a framework that leverages the natural language processing (NLP)
   and code generation capabilities of LLMs to reduce development time and
   lower the barriers to entry for TinyML deployment.  Through a case study
   involving a computer vision classification model, we demonstrate the
   framework’s ability to automate key stages of the TinyML lifecycle.  Our
   findings suggest that LLM-powered automation holds potential for improving
   the lifecycle development process and adapting to diverse requirements.
   However, while this approach shows promise, there remain obstacles and
   limitations, particularly in achieving fully automated solutions.  This
   paper sheds light on both the challenges and opportunities of integrating
   LLMs into TinyML workflows, providing insights into the path forward for
   efficient, AI-assisted embedded system development.  © 2018 IEEE.
DE edge ai; embedded iot systems; large language models ( llms ); lifecycle
   automation; mlops for tinyml; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; automation; computer vision; data handling;
   learning systems; life cycle; edge ai; embedded internet; embedded internet
   of thing system; language model; large language model; lifecycle automation;
   machine learning; mlop for tiny machine learning; tiny machine learning;
   embedded systems

---

UT 137
AR Khan S, 2025, COMPUT ELECTR ENG, V128, DOI 10.1016/j.compeleceng.2025.110761
TI FedTinyMed: Federated learning enabled tiny multi task machine learning
   model for smart healthcare monitoring for IoMT
AU Khan S; Perumal K; Alsolai H; Aljohani A
TC 2
SO COMPUT ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB This research develops a FedTinyMed, an end-to-end cognitive healthcare
   model suitable for Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) by combining Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) and Federated Learning (FL). The model composed of
   various real time physiological sensors on the wearable devices which
   includes Inertial Sensors (IS), Pulse Oximeter Sensor (POS), EEG sensor, and
   Blood Pressure Sensor (BPS) for continuously monitoring the crucial
   healthcare indicators.  A Unified Multi Task Learning Transformer
   (UMLFormer) is developed by this research which ensures parallel inference
   among varied healthcare tasks with shared model parameters that effectively
   diminishes the computational overhead.  With the proper training of four
   benchmark datasets such as Wisconsin, Breast Cancer, PIMA, and Parkinson’s
   heart disease the proposed research gains end-to-end latency of 100 ms,
   specificity of 91.5 %, sensitivity of 97.4 %, and F1-score of 95.8 % those
   superiors the conventional models on the resource constrained devices.  By
   employing Joint Reinforcement Learning enabled Quantization and Pruning
   (JRL-QP) our research guarantees lesser memory footprint without minimizing
   the accuracy on real time TinyML deployment.  When compared to the state-of-
   the-art works, the proposed FedTinyMed enables three major advantages which
   includes (i) higher scalability for decentralized IoMT deployments, (ii)
   privacy preservation from secure FedAvg aggregation, and cloud independence
   for ejecting over reliance on higher latency network connections.  With
   those processes the proposed FedTinyMed enables a robust and practical
   solution for real time smart healthcare monitoring.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd.
DE and multitask transformer learning; cloud server ( cs ); federated learning
   ( fl ); iomt; tinyml
ID blood pressure; cloud computing; diseases; healthcare; learning systems;
   multitask learning; oximeters; wearable sensors; and multitask transformer
   learning; cloud server; cloud servers; federated learning; healthcare
   monitoring; internet of medical thing; machine learning; multi tasks; real-
   time; tiny machine learning; physiological models

---

UT 182
AR Martinez-Rau LS, 2025, IEEE OPEN J INSTRUM MEAS, V4, DOI
   10.1109/OJIM.2025.3613073
TI On-Device Anomaly Detection in Conveyor Belt Operations
AU Martinez-Rau LS; Zhang Y/4; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 2
SO IEEE OPEN J INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2025
AB Conveyor belts are crucial in mining operations by enabling the continuous
   and efficient movement of bulk materials over long distances, which directly
   impacts productivity.  While detecting anomalies in specific conveyor belt
   components has been widely studied, identifying the root causes of these
   failures, such as changing production conditions and operator errors,
   remains critical.  Continuous monitoring of mining conveyor belt work cycles
   is still at an early stage and requires robust solutions.  Recently, an
   anomaly detection method for duty cycle operations of a mining conveyor belt
   has been proposed.  Based on its limited performance and unevaluated long-
   term proper operation, this study proposes two novel methods for classifying
   normal and abnormal duty cycles.  The proposed approaches are pattern
   recognition systems that make use of threshold-based duty-cycle detection
   mechanisms, manually extracted features, pattern-matching, and supervised
   tiny machine learning (ML) models.  The explored low-computational models
   include decision tree, random forest, extra trees, extreme gradient
   boosting, Gaussian naive Bayes, and multilayer perceptron.  A comprehensive
   evaluation of the former and proposed approaches is carried out on two
   datasets.  Both proposed methods outperform the former method in anomaly
   detection, with the best-performing approach being dataset-dependent.  The
   heuristic rule-based approach achieves the highest F1-score in the same
   dataset used for algorithm training, with 97.3% for normal cycles and 80.2%
   for abnormal cycles.  The ML-based approach performs better on a dataset,
   including the effects of machine aging, with an F1-score scoring 91.3% for
   normal cycles and 67.9% for abnormal cycles.  Implemented on two low-power
   microcontrollers, the methods demonstrate efficient, real-time operation
   with energy consumption of 13.3 and 20.6~\mu J during inference.  These
   results offer valuable insights for detecting mechanical failure sources,
   supporting targeted preventive maintenance, and optimizing production
   cycles.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; conveyor belt; edge computing; industry 40; low power
   microcontroller; machine learning ( ml ); tinyml
ID data handling; data mining; decision trees; failure ( mechanical );
   heuristic methods; industry 40; learning systems; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; pattern matching; pattern recognition systems; preventive
   maintenance; random forests; anomaly detection; bulk materials; conveyor
   belts; duty-cycle; edge computing; f1 scores; low power microcontrollers;
   machine learning; mining operations; tinyml; anomaly detection; belt
   conveyors

---

UT 186
AR Zhai W, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, DOI 10.1109/TITS.2025.3606994
TI Privacy-Preserving Object Counting in Lightweight Intelligent Transportation
   System
AU Zhai W; Xing X; Cheng J-A; Jeon G
TC 2
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB In Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), tiny machine learning enables
   resource-efficient on-device learning and deployment of AI models for
   critical tasks such as traffic flow prediction and pedestrian safety.
   However, existing object counting models typically consist of a large number
   of parameters, which require high computational costs that are unsuited for
   on-device learning.  Moreover, these models are usually trained in a
   centralized manner, which raises data privacy concerns and relies on the
   unrealistic assumption of independent and identically distributed (IID) data
   across all vehicles and environments.  To address these challenges, we
   propose a lightweight network, termed Privacy-aware Efficient Generalization
   Network (PEGNet), that preserves user privacy and improves cross-scenario
   generalization.  Specifically, this network incorporates a Lightweight
   Adaptive Enhancement (LAE) module with deformable convolutions to
   efficiently capture multi-scale features under strict resource constraints.
   We further employ a federated learning framework to collaboratively train
   the model across distributed IoV nodes with limited local data, thereby
   significantly reducing per-node computation while safeguarding user data
   privacy.  To enhance the robustness of non-IID data, we introduce a Moment
   Distance loss (MDloss) that prompts the model to adapt to diverse traffic
   scenes.  Experiments on multiple vehicle and crowd counting benchmarks
   demonstrate that the proposed method achieves superior efficiency and
   accuracy.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE data privacy; federated learning; intelligent transportation systems; object
   counting; tiny machine learning
ID distributed computer systems; intelligent vehicle highway systems; learning
   systems; machine learning; pedestrian safety; privacy-preserving techniques;
   traffic control; vehicles; critical tasks; distributed data; generalization;
   intelligent transportation systems; machine learning; object counting;
   privacy-preserving; resource-efficient; tiny machine learning; traffic flow
   prediction; intelligent systems

---

UT 187
AR Pau DP, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25123679
TI Learning Online MEMS Calibration with Time-Varying and Memory-Efficient
   Gaussian Neural Topologies
AU Pau DP; Tognocchi S; Marcon M
TC 2
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB This work devised an on-device learning approach to self-calibrate Micro-
   Electro-Mechanical Systems-based Inertial Measurement Units (MEMS-IMUs),
   integrating a digital signal processor (DSP), an accelerometer, and a
   gyroscope in the same package.  The accelerometer and gyroscope stream their
   data in real time to the DSP, which runs artificial intelligence (AI)
   workloads.  The real-time sensor data are subject to errors, such as time-
   varying bias and thermal stress.  To compensate for these drifts, the
   traditional calibration method based on a linear model is applicable, and
   unfortunately, it does not work with nonlinear errors.  The algorithm
   devised by this study to reduce such errors adopts Radial Basis Function
   Neural Networks (RBF-NNs). This method does not rely on the classical
   adoption of the backpropagation algorithm.  Due to its low complexity, it is
   deployable using kibyte memory and in software runs on the DSP, thus
   performing interleaved in-sensor learning and inference by itself.  This
   avoids using any off-package computing processor.  The learning process is
   performed periodically to achieve consistent sensor recalibration over time.
   The devised solution was implemented in both 32-bit floating-point data
   representation and 16-bit quantized integer version.  Both of these were
   deployed into the Intelligent Sensor Processing Unit (ISPU), integrated into
   the LSM6DSO16IS Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU), which is a programmable
   5–10 MHz DSP on which the programmer can compile and execute AI models.  It
   integrates 32 KiB of program RAM and 8 KiB of data RAM. No permanent memory
   is integrated into the package.  The two (fp32 and int16) RBF-NN models
   occupied less than 21 KiB out of the 40 available, working in real-time and
   independently in the sensor package.  The models, respectively, compensated
   between 46% and 95% of the accelerometer measurement error and between 32%
   and 88% of the gyroscope measurement error.  Finally, it has also been used
   for attitude estimation of a micro aerial vehicle (MAV), achieving an error
   of only 2.84°. © 2025 by the authors.
DE in-sensor tiny machine learning; inertial sensor calibration; intelligent
   sensor processing unit; on-device learning; radial basis functions
ID accelerometers; backpropagation; calibration; digital arithmetic; digital
   signal processing; digital signal processors; gyroscopes; inertial
   navigation systems; learning systems; measurement errors; mems; navigation;
   program processors; random access storage; smart sensors; uncertainty
   analysis; base function; in-sensor tiny machine learning; inertial sensor
   calibrations; intelligent sensor processing unit; intelligent sensors;
   machine learning; on-device learning; processing units; radial base
   function; radial basis; sensor processing; accelerometer; algorithm;
   article; artificial intelligence; back propagation; calibration; diagnosis;
   human; inertial sensor; learning; machine learning; measurement error;
   memory; nerve cell; radial basis function; radial basis function neural
   network; sensor; signal processor; software; statistical model; temperature
   stress; workload; radial basis function networks

---

UT 193
AR Jiang S, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70072
TI TinyML Based Edge Intelligent English Classroom Quality Assessment Scheme
AU Jiang S
TC 2
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB With the escalating demand for intelligent educational evaluation driven by
   the advancement of artificial intelligence and edge computing, traditional
   English classroom quality assessment methods, characterized by subjectivity,
   inefficiency, and lack of real-time feedback, struggle to meet modern
   educational needs.  Moreover, cloud-based AI solutions pose risks to student
   data privacy and suffer from high latency.  TinyML, a lightweight machine
   learning paradigm, is inherently compatible with edge intelligence due to
   its ability to run efficiently on resource-constrained edge devices and
   perform local inference, thereby reducing latency and safeguarding data
   privacy.  This paper presents an edge-intelligently assisted English
   classroom quality evaluation scheme based on the TinyML model, which
   utilizes edge computing devices to analyze classroom interaction data in
   real time, improving the objectivity and timeliness of teaching quality
   assessment.  The scheme employs lightweight deep learning models for various
   analyses and conducts localized data processing to avoid cloud-related
   issues.  Experimental results demonstrate its superiority over traditional
   cloud AI schemes in accuracy, real-time performance, and resource
   utilization, offering a viable approach for intelligent education
   evaluation.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE edge intelligence; english classroom quality assessment; lightweight machine
   learning; tinyml
ID data accuracy; data privacy; data quality; deep learning; edge computing;
   learning systems; teaching; assessment scheme; edge computing; edge
   intelligence; educational evaluation; english classroom quality assessment;
   lightweight machine learning; lightweight machines; machine learning;
   quality assessment; tinyml; quality control

---

UT 211
AR Holsamudrkar N, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-95364-5
TI A hybrid hierarchical health monitoring solution for autonomous detection,
   localization and quantification of damage in composite wind turbine blades
   for tinyML applications
AU Holsamudrkar N; Sikdar S; Kalgutkar AP; Banerjee S; Mishra R
TC 2
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Composites are widely used in wind turbine blades due to their excellent
   strength-to-weight ratio and operational flexibilities.  However, wind
   turbines often operate in harsh environmental conditions that can lead to
   various types of damage, including abrasion, corrosion, fractures, cracks,
   and delamination.  Early detection through structural health monitoring
   (SHM) is essential for maintaining the efficient and reliable operation of
   wind turbines, minimizing downtime and maintenance costs, and optimizing
   energy output.  Further, Damage detection and localization are challenging
   in curved composites due to their anisotropic nature, edge reflections, and
   generation of higher harmonics.  Previous work has focused on damage
   localization using deep-learning approaches.  However, these models are
   computationally expensive, and multiple models need to be trained
   independently for various tasks such as damage classification, localization,
   and sizing identification.  Also, the data generated due to AE waveforms at
   a minimum sampling rate of 1MSPS is huge, requiring tinyML enabled hardware
   for real time ML models which can reduce the size of cloud storage required.
   TinyML hardware can run ML models efficiently with low power consumption.
   This paper presents a Hybrid Hierarchical Machine-Learning Model (HHMLM)
   that leverages acoustic emission (AE) data to identify, classify, and locate
   different types of damage using the single unified model.  The AE data is
   collected using a single sensor, with damage simulated by artificial AE
   sources (Pencil lead break) and low-velocity impacts.  Additionally,
   simulated abrasion on the blade’s leading edge resembles environmental wear.
   This HHMLM model achieved 96.4% overall accuracy with less computation time
   than 83.8% for separate conventional Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
   models.  The developed SHM solution provides a more effective and practical
   solution for in-service monitoring of wind turbine blades, particularly in
   wind farm settings, with the potential for future wireless sensors with tiny
   ML applications.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE acoustic emission; composites; damage localization; deep learning;
   structural health monitoring; tinyml application; wind turbine blades
ID abrasion; adult; article; cloud computing; convolutional neural network;
   corrosion; deep learning; diagnosis; health survey; human; hybrid; machine
   learning; machine learning software; major clinical study; sensor;
   simulation; velocity; waveform; wind; wind farm

---

UT 215
AR Wiese P, 2025, IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS, DOI
   10.1109/COINS65080.2025.11125738
TI A Multi-Modal IoT Node for Energy-Efficient Environmental Monitoring with
   Edge AI Processing
AU Wiese P; Kartsch V; Guermandi M; Benini L
TC 2
SO IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS
PY 2025
AB The widespread adoption of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies has
   significantly advanced environmental monitoring (EM) by enabling cost-
   effective and scalable sensing solutions.  Concurrently, machine learning
   (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) are introducing powerful tools for
   analyzing complex environmental data efficiently.  However, current IoT EM
   platforms are typically limited to a narrow set of sensors and lack the
   computational capabilities to support advanced ML and AI on the edge.  To
   overcome these limitations, we introduce a compact (17x38 mm2), multi-modal,
   microcontroller based environmental IoT node integrating 11 sensors,
   including CO2 concentration, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), light
   intensity, UV radiation, pressure, temperature, humidity, RGB camera, and
   precise geolocation through a GNSS module.  It features GAP9, a parallel
   ultra-low-power system-on-chip, enabling real-time, energy-efficient on-
   device ML processing.  We implemented a YOLOv5-based occupancy detection
   pipeline (0.3M parameters, 42MOP per inference), demonstrating 42% energy
   savings over raw data streaming.  Additionally, we present a smart indoor
   air quality (IAQ) monitoring setup that combines occupancy detection with
   adaptive sample rates, achieving operational times of up to 143 h on a
   single compact 600 mAh, 3.7V battery.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE environmental monitoring; multi-modal sensing; neural networks; occupancy
   detection; tinyml
ID cost effectiveness; distributed computer systems; energy efficiency;
   environmental monitoring; environmental technology; internet of things;
   learning systems; volatile organic compounds; energy efficient;
   environmental monitoring; intelligence processing; internet of things
   technologies; machine learning; multi-modal; multi-modal sensing; neural
   networks; occupancy detections; tinyml; neural networks

---

UT 233
AR Tanović A, 2025, FUTUR INTERNET, V17, DOI 10.3390/fi17080343
TI Lightweight Anomaly Detection in Digit Recognition Using Federated Learning
AU Tanović A; Mezei I
TC 2
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2025
AB This study presents a lightweight autoencoder-based approach for anomaly
   detection in digit recognition using federated learning on resource-
   constrained embedded devices.  We implement and evaluate compact autoencoder
   models on the ESP32-CAM microcontroller, enabling both training and
   inference directly on the device using 32-bit floating-point arithmetic.
   The system is trained on a reduced MNIST dataset (1000 resized samples) and
   evaluated using EMNIST and MNIST-C for anomaly detection.  Seven fully
   connected autoencoder architectures are first evaluated on a PC to explore
   the impact of model size and batch size on training time and anomaly
   detection performance.  Selected models are then re-implemented in the C
   programming language and deployed on a single ESP32 device, achieving
   training times as short as 12 min, inference latency as low as 9 ms, and F1
   scores of up to 0.87. Autoencoders are further tested on ten devices in a
   real-world federated learning experiment using Wi-Fi.  We explore non-IID
   and IID data distribution scenarios: (1) digit-specialized devices and (2)
   partitioned datasets with varying content and anomaly types.  The results
   show that small unmodified autoencoder models can be effectively trained and
   evaluated directly on low-power hardware.  The best models achieve F1 scores
   of up to 0.87 in the standard IID setting and 0.86 in the extreme non-IID
   setting.  Despite some clients being trained on corrupted datasets,
   federated aggregation proves resilient, maintaining high overall
   performance.  The resource analysis shows that more than half of the models
   and all the training-related allocations fit entirely in internal RAM. These
   findings confirm the feasibility of local float32 training and collaborative
   anomaly detection on low-cost hardware, supporting scalable and privacy-
   preserving edge intelligence.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE anomaly detection; autoencoder; federated learning; tinyfl; tinyml
ID c ( programming language ); data privacy; digital arithmetic; learning
   systems; machine learning; random access storage; anomaly detection; auto
   encoders; digit recognition; embedded device; f1 scores; floating-point
   arithmetic; model size; tinyfl; tinyml; training time; anomaly detection

---

UT 244
AR Abubakar M, 2025, J COMPUT BIOMED INF, V8
TI IIOT: An Infusion of Embedded Systems, TinyML, and Federated Learning in
   Industrial IoT
AU Abubakar M; Sattar A; Manzoor H; Farooq K; Yousif M
TC 2
SO J COMPUT BIOMED INF
PY 2025
AB With the revolution of Industrial 5.0 the system was modified to smart
   manufacturing.  This Industrial 5.0 is emerging with different technologies
   such as IoT which provide real-time monitoring, analysis, and data fetching.
   For the novelty in II0T Application, this article investigates the
   combination of embedded systems, Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), and
   Federated Learning (FL). Data privacy is ensured by Federated Learning (FL),
   and local data processing becomes efficient through Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML). This infusion promises to decrease latency, increase productivity,
   and improve data security.  As previously unsolvable issues or problems are
   being addressed with renewed enthusiasm, new paradigms for development and
   research are needed.  The goal of this article is to provide a platform and
   overcome the knowledge gaps for future revolutionary research projects that
   will leverage the growing trends of embedded devices influenced by
   compressed artificial intelligence (AI) models [18]. Moreover, will discuss
   about the TinyML, federated learning (FL) that permits the models to be
   trained locally on edge devices by utilizing their data as well as reducing
   the requirement for centralized data accumulation that may be even
   impossible in fewer Internet of Things (IoT) situations.  It charts the
   development of embedded devices and wireless communication technologies,
   demonstrating the advent of Internet of Things applications across a
   spectrum of industries.  In addition, the paper conducts a thorough cutting-
   edge technology to find recent works that use TinyML models to readily
   available embedded devices, and talks about recent research trends.  © 2025,
   Research Center of Computing and Biomedical Informatics.  All rights
   reserved.
DE decision tree ( dt ); federated learning ( fl ); industrial internet of
   things ( iiot ); random forest ( rf ); support vector machine ( svms ); tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )

---

UT 245
AR Pandey SK, 2025, INTERNET THING, V32, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101615
TI GADANN: A Virtual-to-Real knowledge transfer and adaptation method for edge
   devices
AU Pandey SK; Nair SB
TC 2
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB Enabling Machine Learning capabilities on edge devices is crucial for
   supporting several automation scenarios.  Given the low availability of
   real-world data for training, Virtual-to-Real knowledge transfer methods are
   often utilised for training Machine Learning models for deployment on edge
   devices located in the real world.  However, the difference between the
   virtual and the real-world data hampers the post-deployment performance of
   the model.  While Domain Adaptation-based methods allow a model to learn
   features shared across the virtual and the real worlds, the resulting model
   is static and too big to be used in conjunction with an edge device.  TinyML
   allows the usage of Machine Learning models on resource-constrained devices
   by compressing the models into small transferable files.  However, most of
   the existing TinyML onboard operations are restricted to drawing inferences
   and do not facilitate onboard training.  To tackle these challenges, we
   propose GADANN, a TinyML-based Virtual-to-Real knowledge transfer method
   that facilitates onboard adaptation.  GADANN extends Machine Learning
   onboard the edge devices by leveraging Deep Neural Networks, Domain
   Adaptation, TinyML and Genetic Algorithms.  The method has been tested
   successfully in a real-world setting by deploying it on a real robot in a
   warehouse prototype to identify pallets using computer vision.  GADANN can
   boost the accuracy of the robot by adapting to the environment in real-time.
   © 2025 Elsevier B.V.
DE deep neural network; domain adaptation; edge device; genetic algorithm;
   incremental/online learning; tinyml; virtual-to-real

---

UT 246
AR Shah A, 2025, PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC, P98, DOI
   10.1109/ISACC65211.2025.10969354
TI Tiny ML-based Secure and Energy Efficient Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
   Surveillance Framework for Smart Cities
AU Shah A; Vivek V; Savaliya D; Gupta R; Tanwar S; Bhatia J
TC 2
SO PROC INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV COMPUT COMMUN ISACC
PY 2025
AB Recent advances in smart cities require a more effective, secure, and
   energy-efficient surveillance system to protect people.  This paper proposes
   a multi-layered architecture for a UAV-based traffic monitoring system,
   designed to enhance situational awareness and system resilience in real-time
   traffic environments.  The architecture consists of four key layers: the
   Traffic Layer, where the UAV continuously monitors and gathers data from
   diverse traffic entities; the UAV Layer, responsible for data collection and
   packet transmission; the Security Layer, which employs quantized TinyML
   models, including decision trees, artificial neural networks (ANN), and
   support vector machines (SVM), to detect and mitigate Denial-Of-Service
   (DoS) attacks; and the Controller Layer, which manages verified data and
   orchestrates system actions based on traffic conditions and cyber security
   alerts.  Implementing machine learning algorithms optimized for resource
   efficiency using quantization techniques ensures secure communication, real-
   time data processing, and energy conservation within the UAV. Our results
   demonstrate the system's ability to maintain robust performance under
   complex traffic conditions while effectively mitigating potential cyber
   security threats in an energy efficient manner.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ann; artificial intelligence; decision tree; dos; svm; tinyml; uav
ID access control; artificial life; cyber-attacks; data privacy; intelligent
   computing; intelligent systems; machine learning; neural networks; swarm
   intelligence; target drones; aerial vehicle; cyber security; denial-of-
   service; energy efficient; neural networks; support vectors machine;
   surveillance systems; tinyml; traffic conditions; vehicle surveillances;
   network security

---

UT 251
AR De Marco R, 2025, ROBOT, V14, DOI 10.3390/robotics14050067
TI Real-Time Dolphin Whistle Detection on Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W with a TFLite
   Convolutional Neural Network
AU De Marco R; Di Nardo F; Rongoni A; Screpanti L; Scaradozzi D
TC 2
SO ROBOT
PY 2025
AB The escalating conflict between cetaceans and fisheries underscores the need
   for efficient mitigation strategies that balance conservation priorities
   with economic viability.  This study presents a TinyML-driven approach
   deploying an optimized Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) on a Raspberry Pi
   Zero 2 W for real-time detection of bottlenose dolphin whistles, leveraging
   spectrogram analysis to address acoustic monitoring challenges.
   Specifically, a CNN model previously developed for classifying dolphins’
   vocalizations and originally implemented with TensorFlow was converted to
   TensorFlow Lite (TFLite) with architectural optimizations, reducing the
   model size by 76%. Both TensorFlow and TFLite models were trained on 22 h of
   underwater recordings taken in controlled environments and processed into
   0.8 s spectrogram segments (300 × 150 pixels). Despite reducing model size,
   TFLite models maintained the same accuracy as the original TensorFlow model
   (87.8% vs.  87.0%). Throughput and latency were evaluated by varying the
   thread allocation (1–8 threads), revealing the best performance at 4 threads
   (quad-core alignment), achieving an inference latency of 120 ms and
   sustained throughput of 8 spectrograms/second.  The system demonstrated
   robustness in 120 h of continuous stress tests without failure, underscoring
   its reliability in marine environments.  This work achieved a critical
   balance between computational efficiency and detection fidelity (F1-score:
   86.9%) by leveraging quantized, multithreaded inference.  These advancements
   enable low-cost devices for real-time cetacean presence detection, offering
   transformative potential for bycatch reduction and adaptive deterrence
   systems.  This study bridges artificial intelligence innovation with
   ecological stewardship, providing a scalable framework for deploying machine
   learning in resource-constrained settings while addressing urgent
   conservation challenges.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE convolutional neural network ( cnn ); dolphin whistle detection; raspberry
   pi; tensorflow lite; tinyml

---

UT 268
AR Hussain A, 2025, INT WIREL COMMUN MOB COMPUT CONF IWCMC, P1540, DOI
   10.1109/IWCMC65282.2025.11059726
TI Towards a Lightweight Edge AI-based Radio Frequency Fingerprinting
AU Hussain A; Abughanam N; Papadimitratos P
TC 2
SO INT WIREL COMMUN MOB COMPUT CONF IWCMC
PY 2025
AB The deployment of Internet of Things (IoT) devices requires efficient
   security mechanisms.  However, cryptographic solutions often prove resource-
   intensive.  Radio Frequency Fingerprinting (RFF) enables device
   authentication through the intrinsic characteristics of RF signals at the
   Physical (PHY)-layer.  Deploying RFF presents two challenges: ensuring
   operational efficiency and scalability in resource-constrained environments.
   This paper presents a lightweight Edge AI-based RFF model for device
   authentication using PHY-layer characteristics.  Our approach implements a
   Deep Learning (DL) model to extract device-specific features from IQ
   samples, converted using TensorFlow Lite for edge deployment.  Evaluation on
   Raspberry Pi demonstrates high accuracy (> 0.95) and Receiver Operating
   Characteristic-Area Under the Curve (ROC-AUC) scores (> 0.90), while
   maintaining a compact model size suitable for resource-constrained
   environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; authentication; convolutional neural networks; edge
   ai; internet of things; physical layer security; radio frequency
   fingerprinting; smart cities; tensorflow; tinyml; wireless security
ID big data; convolutional neural networks; cryptography; deep learning; mobile
   telecommunication systems; network layers; network security; physical layer;
   radio waves; smart city; tensors; convolutional neural network; device
   authentications; edge ai; physical layer security; physical layers; radio
   frequency fingerprinting; security mechanism; tensorflow; tinyml; wireless
   security; authentication; internet of things

---

UT 286
AR Thapa S, 2025, IEEE SECUR TRUST CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE IOT MICROELECTRON SATC -
   CONF PROC, DOI 10.1109/SATC65530.2025.11137032
TI TinyML-Enabled Intrusion Detection for Securing Electric Vehicle Supply
   Equipment (EVSE)
AU Thapa S; Poudel S; Abouyoussef M
TC 2
SO IEEE SECUR TRUST CYBERINFRASTRUCTURE IOT MICROELECTRON SATC - CONF PROC
PY 2025
AB Electric Vehicles (EVs) and Electric Vehicle Supply Equipments (EVSEs) are
   vulnerable to cybersecurity threats like malware injections, unauthorized
   access, denial-of-service (DoS) attacks, distributed denial-of-service
   (DDoS) attacks, and man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks, which can compromise
   their functionality and security.  While Machine Learning (ML) effectively
   addresses cybersecurity threats, implementing traditional ML solutions in
   EVSE is challenging due to resource limitations, requiring lightweight and
   efficient solution to ensure effective threat detection and mitigation.
   Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is an emerging solution that enables running
   ML models on resourceconstrained devices, making it ideal for implementing
   Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) in EVSE charger units.  This paper
   explores the potential of TinyML as an effective solution for enhancing EVSE
   cybersecurity.  The proposed TinyML model is evaluated using the Hardware
   Performance Counter (HPC) and Network data sources of CICEVSE2024 dataset,
   achieving accuracies of 98.72% and 99.84%, F1-scores of 98.65% and 99.83%,
   recall scores of 98.72% and 99.84%, and precision scores of 98.88% and
   99.84%, respectively.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cybersecurity; evse; iot security; machine learning; tinyml
ID charging ( batteries ); cybersecurity; denial-of-service attack; electric
   vehicles; industrial electronics; internet of things; intrusion detection;
   machine learning; malware; network security; vehicle detection; cyber
   security; denialof- service attacks; electric vehicle supply equipments;
   intrusion detection; iot security; machine learning models; machine
   learning; malwares; tiny machine learning; learning systems

---

UT 313
AR Mwaura J, 2025, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE63647.2025.10929917
TI A Study on Transfer Learning TinyML-Based Intrusion Detection Framework on
   IoT Devices
AU Mwaura J; Araki S; Musthafa MB; Huda S; Nogami Y
TC 2
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB Currently, there are many ongoing attempts to incorporate transfer learning
   into Intrusion Detection Systems.  Transfer learning leverages on the
   knowledge of previous models thus reducing training time, improving accuracy
   and making it possible to train new models with limited data.  However, it
   is difficult to incorporate such a technique into IoT devices with limited
   computational power.  In this paper, we propose a Transfer Learning TinyML-
   based IDS framework with feature selection to be implemented on a
   microcontroller for detecting attacks on IoT devices.  To implement the
   proposal, we leveraged knowledge achieved from our previous DDoS attack
   detection model to create a new transfer learning framework that could
   detect various IoT attacks such as malware attacks and zero-day attacks.  To
   test the transfer learning framework, we trained it using two separate sets
   of datasets each containing different attacks.  After each training, we
   evaluated the original model, converted it into a format compatible with a
   microcontroller and evaluated it further.  The TL TinyML-based framework was
   evaluated based on its accuracy, model sizes and average inference times.
   As the results confirmed, the framework performed well and can successfully
   be implemented on a microcontroller without depleting its resources.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE cross validation; iot devices; iot malware; tinyml; transfer learning
ID computer worms; intrusion detection; network intrusion; transfer learning;
   cross validation; detection framework; intrusion detection systems;
   intrusion detection; iot device; iot malware; learning frameworks; malwares;
   tinyml; transfer learning; computer viruses

---

UT 316
AR El Zeinaty C, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11229057
TI Can LLMs Revolutionize the Design of Explainable and Efficient TinyML
   Models?
AU El Zeinaty C; Hamidouche W; Herrou G; Menard D; Debbah M
TC 2
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces a novel framework for designing efficient neural
   network architectures specifically tailored to tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) platforms.  By leveraging large language models (LLMs) for neural
   architecture search (NAS), a vision transformer (ViT)-based knowledge
   distillation (KD) strategy, and an explainability module, the approach
   strikes an optimal balance between accuracy, computational efficiency, and
   memory usage.  The LLM-guided search explores a hierarchical search space,
   refining candidate architectures through Pareto optimization based on
   accuracy, multiply-accumulate operations (MACs), and memory metrics.  The
   best-performing architectures are further fine-tuned using logits-based KD
   with a pre-trained ViT-B/16 model, which enhances generalization without
   increasing model size.  Evaluated on the CIFAR-100 dataset and deployed on
   an STM32H7 microcontroller (MCU), the three proposed models, LMaNet-Elite,
   LMaNet-Core, and QwNet-Core, achieve accuracy scores of 74.50%, 74.20% and
   73.00%, respectively.  All three models surpass current state-of-the-art
   (SOTA) models, such as MCUNet-in3/in4 (69.62% / 72.86%) and XiNet (72.27%),
   while maintaining a low computational cost of less than 100 million MACs and
   adhering to the stringent 320 KB static random-access memory (SRAM)
   constraint.  These results demonstrate the efficiency and performance of the
   proposed framework for TinyML platforms, underscoring the potential of
   combining LLM-driven search, Pareto optimization, KD, and explainability to
   develop accurate, efficient, and interpretable models.  This approach opens
   new possibilities in NAS, enabling the design of efficient architectures
   specifically suited for TinyML. To facilitate further research and
   development in this field, the proposed framework and the best-performing
   architectures are made publicly available at Link.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE explainable ai; iot; knowledge distillation; large language models; neural
   architecture search; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; learning systems; memory architecture;
   multiobjective optimization; neural networks; pareto principle; random
   access storage; explainable ai; iot; knowledge distillation; language model;
   large language model; learning platform; machine learning; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; tiny machine learning;
   distillation

---

UT 330
AR Soliman YA, 2025, IAENG INT J COMPUT SCI, V52, P4074
TI A Comprehensive Systematic Review of TinyML for Person Detection Systems
AU Soliman YA; Ghoneim AS; Elkhouly MM
TC 2
SO IAENG INT J COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) enables the deployment of machine learning
   models on ultra-low-power and memory-constrained edge devices.  This
   capability is crucial for person detection systems in applications such as
   smart homes, wearable health monitors, industrial safety, and wildlife
   surveillance.  However, deploying person detection on microcontrollers poses
   significant challenges due to limited computation, memory, and energy
   resources.  This paper presents a systematic literature review (SLR) of
   recent research in TinyML-based person detection from 2014 to 2024. We
   explore lightweight neural network architectures (e.  g., MobileNet, Tiny-
   YOLO), optimization techniques (e.  g., quantization, pruning, knowledge
   distillation), and performance metrics, including accuracy, latency, and
   energy efficiency.  We also assess the suitability of edge hardware
   platforms such as ARM Cortex-M, ESP32, STM32, Jetson Nano, and Raspberry Pi.
   The review identifies current trends, highlights practical constraints, and
   proposes future directions involving adaptive models, federated learning,
   and privacy-preserving designs.  This work serves as a reference for
   researchers and practitioners aiming to build efficient, scalable, and real-
   time TinyML-based person detection systems.  © 2025, International
   Association of Engineers.  All rights reserved.
DE lightweight models; person detection; resource-constrained devices; tinyml
ID data privacy; energy efficiency; intelligent buildings; learning systems;
   machine learning; detection system; energy; lightweight model; machine
   learning models; machine learning; person detection; resource-constrained
   devices; systematic review; tiny machine learning; ultra-low power; accident
   prevention

---

UT 351
AR Yang M, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25061782
TI TinyML-Based In-Pipe Feature Detection for Miniature Robots
AU Yang M; Blight A; Bhardwaj H; Shaukat N; Han L/2; Richardson R; Pickering A;
   Jackson-Mills G; Barber A
TC 2
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB Miniature robots in small-diameter pipelines require efficient and reliable
   environmental perception for autonomous navigation.  In this paper, a tiny
   machine learning (TinyML)-based resource-efficient pipe feature recognition
   method is proposed for miniature robots to identify key pipeline features
   such as elbows, joints, and turns.  The method leverages a custom five-layer
   convolutional neural network (CNN) optimized for deployment on a robot with
   limited computational and memory resources.  Trained on a custom dataset of
   4629 images collected under diverse conditions, the model achieved an
   accuracy of 97.1%. With a peak RAM usage of 195.1 kB, flash usage of 427.9
   kB, and an inference time of 1693 ms, the method demonstrates high
   computational efficiency while ensuring stable performance under challenging
   conditions through a sliding window smoothing strategy.  These results
   highlight the feasibility of deploying advanced machine learning models on
   resource-constrained devices, providing a cost-effective solution for
   autonomous in-pipe exploration and inspection.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE convolutional neural network ( cnn ); in-pipe feature detection; miniature
   robot; resource-efficient; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID multilayer neural networks; robot learning; robots; condition; convolutional
   neural network; features detections; in-pipe; in-pipe feature detection;
   machine learning; miniature robots; resource-efficient; tiny machine
   learning; article; convolutional neural network; diagnosis; elbow; feature
   detection; human experiment; machine learning; normal human; tube;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 357
AR Jeon C, 2025, HOTMOBILE - PROC INT WORK MOB COMPUT SYST APPL, P1, DOI
   10.1145/3708468.3711888
TI TinyMem: Boosting Multi-DNN Inference on Tiny AI Accelerators with Weight
   Memory Virtualization
AU Jeon C; Gong T; Yi J; Kawsar F; Min C
TC 2
SO HOTMOBILE - PROC INT WORK MOB COMPUT SYST APPL
PY 2025
AB As wearable devices continue to integrate deeper into our everyday lives,
   the importance of tiny AI accelerators in enabling efficient multi-DNN
   inference becomes increasingly evident.  However, we identified a critical
   bottleneck in deploying multi-DNN models on these accelerators: weight
   memory loading time.  This challenge is exacerbated by the unique
   characteristics of tiny AI accelerators, including a 2-dimensional weight
   memory layout and heterogeneous processors.  We propose TinyMem, a memory-
   efficient system designed to optimize weight memory management and reduce
   latency in multi-DNN inference to address these challenges.  At the core of
   TinyMem is the 2D Weight Memory Coordination, which strategically aligns
   weights across accelerator cores, maximizing both weight reuse and
   preloading to minimize end-to-end latency.  TinyMem increases total model
   throughput by 1.97-5.01× compared to state-of-the-art tiny AI accelerator
   frameworks, significantly improving the efficiency of multi-DNN inference in
   wearable devices.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE memory-management; multi-dnn inference; tiny ai accelerator
ID memory architecture; particle accelerators; virtual storage; 2dimensional;
   heterogeneous processors; loading time; memory efficient; memory layout;
   memory virtualization; memory-management; multi-dnn inference; tiny ai
   accelerator; wearable devices; memory-management

---

UT 379
AR Yousef Shalby HH, 2025, IEEE SYMP COMPUT INTELL ENG/CYBER PHYS SYST CIES,
   DOI 10.1109/CIES64955.2025.11007628
TI Dendron: Enhancing Human Activity Recognition With on-Device Tinyml Learning
AU Yousef Shalby HH; Roveri M
TC 2
SO IEEE SYMP COMPUT INTELL ENG/CYBER PHYS SYST CIES
PY 2025
AB Human activity recognition (HAR) is a research field that employs Machine
   Learning (ML) techniques to identify user activities.  Recent studies have
   prioritized the development of HAR solutions directly executed on wearable
   devices, enabling the on-device activity recognition.  This approach is
   supported by the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) paradigm, which integrates
   ML within embedded devices with limited resources.  However, existing
   approaches in the field lack in the capability for on-device learning of new
   HAR tasks, particularly when supervised data are scarce.  To address this
   limitation, our paper introduces Dendron, a novel TinyML methodology
   designed to facilitate the on-device learning of new tasks for HAR, even in
   conditions of limited supervised data.  Experimental results on two public-
   available datasets and an off-the-shelf device (STM32-NUCLEO-F401RE) show
   the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed solution.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE human activity recognition; smart; tinyml
ID active learning; automation; character recognition; feature extraction;
   human engineering; object detection; object recognition; self-supervised
   learning; activity recognition; dendrons; human activity recognition;
   machine learning techniques; machine learning; research fields; smart; tiny
   machine learning; user activity; wearable devices; supervised learning

---

UT 380
AR Huang Z, 2025, MACH LEARN SCI TECHNOL, V6, DOI 10.1088/2632-2153/adaca3
TI Advancing privacy-aware machine learning on sensitive data via edge-based
   continual µ-training for personalized large models
AU Huang Z; Yu L/1; Fernando Herbozo Contreras L; Eshraghian K; Duy Truong N;
   Nikpour A; Kavehei O
TC 2
SO MACH LEARN SCI TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces an innovative method for fine-tuning a large multi-
   label model for abnormality detection, utilizing a smaller trainer and
   advanced knowledge distillation techniques.  It studies the effects of fine-
   tuning on various abnormalities, noting different improvements based on the
   Original Model’s performance in specific tasks.  The experimental setup,
   optimized for on-device inference and fine-tuning with limited computational
   resources, demonstrates moderate yet promising enhancements in model
   performance post-fine-tuning.  Key insights from the study include the
   significance of aligning the µ-Trainer’s behavior with the Original Model
   and the influence of hyper-parameters like batch size on fine-tuning
   outcomes.  The research acknowledges limitations such as the limited
   exploration of loss functions in multi-label models and constraints in
   architectural design, suggesting potential avenues for future investigation.
   While the proposed Naive Continual Fine-tuning Process is in its early
   stages, we highlight this paper’s potential model personalization on long-
   term data.  Moreover, weight transfer in our system is exclusively for fine-
   tuning; hence, it improves user privacy protection by failing data
   reconstruction attempts from weights, like an issue with Federated learning
   models.  Our on-device fine-tuning prevents the transferring of data or
   gradients from the edge of the network to their server.  Despite modest
   performance improvements after fine-tuning, these working layers represent a
   small fraction (0.7%) of the total weights in the Original Model and 1.6% in
   the µ-Trainer.  This study establishes a foundational framework for
   advancing personalized model adaptation, on-device inference and fine-tuning
   while emphasizing the importance of safeguarding data privacy in model
   development.  © 2025 The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE cardiovascular diseases; edged device; fine tuning; heart abnormalities;
   knowledge distillation; tinyml; transfer learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; federated learning;
   inference engines; privacy by design; transfer learning; cardiovascular
   disease; edged device; fine tuning; heart abnormality; knowledge
   distillation; multi-labels; original model; performance; tinyml; transfer
   learning; differential privacy

---

UT 399
AR Farahdel A, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P98542, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3576192
TI TinySurveillance: An Extra Low-Power Event-Based Surveillance Method for
   UAVs
AU Farahdel A; Khan AH; Keshmiri H; Wahid KA
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Uncrewed Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have always been faced with power management
   challenges to extend their flight time.  Managing power consumption becomes
   critical, especially in surveillance applications, where the longer flight
   time results in wider coverage and a cheaper solution.  Most of the current
   studies show new methods for event detection without considering power
   consumption.  This article presents an event-driven four-stage video
   surveillance pipeline with an efficient video transmission algorithm
   balancing power consumption and image quality.  The surveillance starts
   automatically when the low-power AI-based onboard processor detects the
   desired event.  When The edge node detects the defined event, a sample image
   is sent to the server for validation.  After validation, a colored image
   accompanied by N grayscale images are sent to the server.  The server
   colorizes the grayscale images using a convolutional neural network trained
   by the colored images.  In this work, an application of wildfire detection
   and surveillance has been implemented to show the proof of concept of the
   TinySurveillance method.  The results show that the power consumption of the
   onboard processing unit in detection mode reduces by at least 4 times;
   during the surveillance mode, the data transmission rate can be decreased by
   almost 66% while achieving a competent image quality PSNRAvg of 41.35 dB,
   PSNR of 30.94 dB, and output frame rate of 5.2. © 2013 IEEE.
DE image colorization; power consumption; surveillance; tinyml; wildfire
ID image coding; photointerpretation; target drones; aerial vehicle; colored
   images; flight time; gray scale images; image colorizations; low power;
   power; surveillance; tinyml; wildfire; drones

---

UT 404
AR Miao N, 2025, PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI, P954, DOI
   10.1145/3716368.3735293
TI LightBench: A Hardware-Aware Trusted Execution Platform for Intelligent
   Malware Detection at the Edge
AU Miao N; Sayadi H; Kondapalli KS; Eslamimehr M; Homayoun H
TC 2
SO PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI
PY 2025
AB In this work, we propose LightBench, a scalable, hardware-aware, software-
   based trusted execution platform designed for intelligent malware detection
   at the edge.  LightBench integrates machine learning-based Hardware-assisted
   Malware Detection (HMD) approaches and supports deployment on TinyML-
   compatible platforms, ensuring portability, efficiency, and low resource
   consumption.  To evaluate the effectiveness of LightBench, we implement and
   compare various machine learning models, assessing their performance in both
   Python and their C/C++-converted implementations using TinyML-compatible
   pipelines.  Additionally, we develop hardware implementations of the ML
   models and apply High-Level Synthesis (HLS) to analyze their hardware
   overhead and resource utilization.  Experimental results indicate that
   LightBench enables accurate and efficient malware detection, highlighting
   its potential as a practical solution for real-world, edge-level HMD through
   scalable and hardware-aware integration.  © 2025 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE hardware security; hardware-assisted malware detection; machine learning;
   secure execution; tinyml
ID c++ ( programming language ); computer aided instruction; computer hardware;
   computer software; high level synthesis; human computer interaction;
   learning systems; machine learning; malware; network security; trusted
   computing; detection approach; execution platforms; hardware-assisted;
   hardware-assisted malware detection; machine learning; malware detection;
   resources consumption; scalable hardware; secure execution; tinyml; hardware
   security

---

UT 421
AR Sharifirad I, 2025, PROC INT SYMP APPL MACH INTELL INFORMATICS SAMI, P141,
   DOI 10.1109/SAMI63904.2025.10883083
TI TinyML for Computation-aware Transformer-based Anomaly Detection in Internal
   Combustion Systems
AU Sharifirad I; Boudjadar J; Larsen PG
TC 2
SO PROC INT SYMP APPL MACH INTELL INFORMATICS SAMI
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a highly accurate, computation-efficient anomaly
   detection for an industrial internal combustion engine using a Transformer
   model.  The proposed anomaly detection model enables identifying anomaly
   occurrences and quantifying how far the abnormality deviates from a normal
   state.  This leads to informed decisions for efficient mitigation in the
   control loop of the combustion engine.  To achieve computation-awareness
   while maintaining considerable accuracy, we have applied Pruning, a Tiny ML
   technique, to reduce the computation cost of the proposed Transformer model.
   The capacity analysis of the proposed model shows that, while trained on
   anomalies from a few combustion cylinders, our model can recognize and
   quantify anomalies from the entire set of cylinders.  Furthermore, the
   analysis results demonstrated that Pruning reduced the computation cost by
   8.4% and memory usage by up to 39% while the model's prediction performance
   barely decreased.  Our transformer-based model to identify and quantify
   anomalies is deployable on the resource-constrained platform of the use
   case.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; anomaly quantification; computation-efficiency; pruning;
   transformer model
ID combustion; combustion equipment; computational cost; computational
   efficiency; cost benefit analysis; cost reduction; internal combustion
   engines; anomaly detection; anomaly quantification; combustion engines;
   combustion systems; computation costs; computation-efficiency; highly
   accurate; internal combustion; pruning; transformer modeling; anomaly
   detection

---

UT 437
AR Boussihmed A, 2025, MULTIMED TOOLS APPL, V84, P25837, DOI
   10.1007/s11042-024-20070-9
TI A TinyML model for sidewalk obstacle detection: aiding the blind and
   visually impaired people
AU Boussihmed A; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Maleh Y; Chetouani A
TC 2
SO MULTIMED TOOLS APPL
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a pioneering study on the feasibility of implementing
   deep learning on resource-restricted IoT devices for real-world
   applications.  We introduce a TinyML model configured for sidewalk obstacle
   detection tailored explicitly to assist those with visual impairments-a
   demographic often hindered by urban navigation challenges.  Our
   investigation primarily focuses on adapting traditionally computationally
   intensive deep learning models to the stringent confines of IoT systems,
   where both memory and processing power are markedly limited.  With a
   remarkably small footprint of just 1.93 MB and a robust mean average
   precision (mAP) of 50%, the proposed model achieves breakthrough outcomes,
   making it particularly well-suited for lightweight IoT devices.  We
   demonstrate an exceptional inference speed of 96.2 milliseconds on a
   standard CPU, signifying a substantial step toward real-time processing in
   assistive technologies.  The implications of this research are profound,
   emphasizing TinyML’s potential to bridge the gap between advanced machine
   learning capabilities and the accessibility demands of assistive devices for
   visually impaired individuals.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2024.
DE blind and visually impaired people ( bvip ); computer vision ( cv ); deep
   learning ( dl ); internet of things ( iot ); object detection; tiny machine
   learning ( tinyml )
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; deep learning; machine
   vision; pedestrian safety; vision; blind and visually impaired; blind and
   visually impaired people; computer vision; deep learning; internet of thing;
   machine learning models; machine learning; objects detection; tiny machine
   learning; visually impaired people; obstacle detectors

---

UT 447
AR Wen TC, 2025, INVENT, V10, DOI 10.3390/inventions10040052
TI TinyML-Based Swine Vocalization Pattern Recognition for Enhancing Animal
   Welfare in Embedded Systems
AU Wen TC; Freire CF; Benicio LM; de Moura GB; Amorim MDN; da Silva-Miranda KO
TC 2
SO INVENT
PY 2025
AB The automatic recognition of animal vocalizations is a valuable tool for
   monitoring pigs’ behavior, health, and welfare.  This study investigates the
   feasibility of implementing a convolutional neural network (CNN) model for
   classifying pig vocalizations using tiny machine learning (TinyML) on a low-
   cost, resource-constrained embedded system.  The dataset was collected in
   2011 at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign on an experimental
   pig farm.  In this experiment, 24 piglets were housed in environmentally
   controlled rooms and exposed to gradual thermal variations.  Vocalizations
   were recorded using directional microphones, processed to reduce background
   noise, and categorized into “agonistic” and “social” behaviors using a CNN
   model developed on the Edge Impulse platform.  Despite hardware limitations,
   the proposed approach achieved an accuracy of over 90%, demonstrating the
   potential of TinyML for real-time behavioral monitoring.  These findings
   underscore the practical benefits of integrating TinyML into swine
   production systems, enabling early detection of issues that may impact
   animal welfare, reducing reliance on manual observations, and enhancing
   overall herd management.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE agonistic behavior; machine learning; social behavior; swine; vocalization
ID behavioral research; convolutional neural networks; learning systems;
   machine learning; mammals; pattern recognition systems; agonistic behavior;
   animal welfare; automatic recognition; convolutional neural network;
   embedded-system; machine learning; neural network model; social behavior;
   swine; vocalization; embedded systems

---

UT 482
AR Zhou S, 2025, IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS, V60, P4002, DOI
   10.1109/JSSC.2025.3602936
TI An 8.62-μW 75-dB DRSoC Fully Integrated SoC for Spoken Language
   Understanding
AU Zhou S; Li Z/3; Cheng L; Hadorn J; Gao C; Chen Q; Delbruck T; Kim K; Liu S-C
TC 2
SO IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS
PY 2025
AB We present a sub-10-µW fully integrated SoC for on-device spoken language
   understanding (SLU). Its analog feature extractor (FEx) applies global and
   per-channel automatic gain control (AGC) to extend the system’s dynamic
   range (DR)—a critical requirement for real-world scenarios, including far-
   field operations.  The on-chip streaming-mode recurrent neural network (RNN)
   accelerator exploits temporal sparsity and pooling, reducing its power by
   2.3x.  By combining hardware-aware training with a behavioral model of the
   FEx that captures circuit nonidealities, the network is trained to maintain
   SLU accuracy despite chip-to-chip variation.  Fabricated in a 65-nm CMOS
   process, the SoC occupies 2.23 mm2 and consumes 8.62 µW for end-to-end SLU.
   The 16-channel FEx achieves 93-dB DR while dissipating 1.85 µW at 100-Hz
   feature frame rate.  The SoC is evaluated on the 32-class Fluent Speech
   Commands dataset (FSCD), achieving 92.9% accuracy for 2.8-mVrms inputs while
   maintaining >85% accuracy over a 75-dB input range.  © 1966-2012 IEEE.
DE automatic gain control ( agc ); edge artificial intelligence ( ai ); feature
   extractor ( fex ); hardware-software codesign; recurrent neural network (
   rnn ); spoken language understanding ( slu ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   ); ultra-low power; voice interface
ID computer hardware; gain control; hardware-software codesign; integrated
   circuit design; learning systems; programmable logic controllers; signal
   processing; speech communication; speech recognition; system-on-chip;
   automatic gain control; edge artificial intelligence; feature extractor;
   hardware/software codesign; machine learning; neural networks; recurrent
   neural network; spoken language understanding; tiny machine learning; ultra-
   low power; voice interfaces; low power electronics

---

UT 700
AR Samanta R, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P1368, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885726
TI Eyes on You: TinyML-Powered On-Device Face Tracking for Low-Cost, Low-Power,
   Secure MCU Environments
AU Samanta R; Saha B; Ghosh SK/1; Roy RB
TC 2
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a low-cost, low-power face-tracking system utilizing
   TinyML, designed for real-time face detection and tracking on an ESP32-CAM
   board.  The system employs two servo motors for pan and tilt adjustments,
   ensuring that detected faces remain within the camera's view.  Operating
   entirely on-device, the system prioritizes privacy by eliminating the need
   for network access.  It utilizes a multitask learning model that both
   classifies the presence of a human face with 96% accuracy and predicts the
   corresponding bounding box coordinates, achieving an Intersection over Union
   (IoU) of 0.65 for precise face tracking.  Optimized for low-power
   microcontroller units (MCUs), the model has hardware requirements of 103 KB
   RAM, 323 KB Flash, and 7.5 million MAC operations, enabling inference times
   of 850 ms on the ESP32-CAM and 150 ms on the Teensy 4.1. To address the lack
   of publicly available datasets for single-face tracking in resource-
   constrained settings, a custom dataset derived from the COCO-Faces and
   Visual Wake Words datasets was created and published on Zenodo, accessible
   at https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14474899. To the best of our knowledge,
   this is the first work demonstrating real-time face tracking in MCU
   environments, with a detection range of up to 2.5 meters, offering a low-
   resource footprint and high accuracy.  This contribution supports
   advancements in low-power face-tracking applications for IoT security,
   interactive displays, and human-computer interaction.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded ai; face detection; human computer interaction; low power face
   tracking; multitask learning; tinyml
ID digital storage; luminescent devices; microcontrollers; computer
   interaction; embedded ai; face tracking; faces detection; low power; low-
   costs; low power face tracking; microcontroller unit; multitask learning;
   tinyml; face recognition

---

UT 719
AR Chaudhary PR, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P1335, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885715
TI TinyDevID: TinyML-Driven IoT Devices IDentification Using Network Flow Data
AU Chaudhary PR; Agrawal A; Maiti RR
TC 2
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB IoT device identification is often used as the first line of defense.
   However, it is challenging due to the acquisition of IoT as a business by
   the existing vendors of traditional computing devices, making it difficult
   to adopt identifiers based on IP or MAC addresses.  In this paper, we
   address this problem by using TinyML and a small set of generic flow-based
   features.  In particular, we have designed and developed a novel framework,
   called TinyDevID, that uses TinyML to achieve device identification in a
   microcontroller having a very limited memory.  TinyDevID employs neural
   architecture search (NAS) to find best-performing architectures and then
   builds and converts them to TinyML models, we call them as TinyID models, to
   be deployed into a microcontroller.  We collected about 4.5GB of network
   traces of three IoT devices in our laboratory setup and extracted 77 flow-
   based features using a CICFlowMeter.  Using ExtraTree classifier, we have
   selected the top ten features for classification using both multilayer
   perceptron (MLP) and TinyID models, and compared their performances.  The
   results of our analysis show that the TinyDevID is effective in identifying
   the IoT devices with an average accuracy of up to 91% for all three devices
   and a maximum accuracy of 97%, which is slightly higher than MLP models.  We
   have compared the results of TinyDevID with state-of-the-art and show that
   our work is first to use TinyML models for IoT device identification and it
   achieves commendable accuracy and false positive rates.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE flow-based features; internet of things ( iot ) device identification; iot
   security; mlpnas; tinyml
ID memory architecture; network security; flow-based; flow data; flow-based
   feature; internet of thing  device identification; internet of thing
   security; mlpnas; multilayers perceptrons; networks flows; tinyml;
   traditional computing; microcontrollers

---

UT 2
AR Mohamed MF, 2025, INTELL SYST APPL, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.iswa.2025.200557
TI Monkeypox optimizer: A TinyML bio-inspired evolutionary optimization
   algorithm and its engineering applications
AU Mohamed MF; Hamed A
TC 1
SO INTELL SYST APPL
PY 2025
AB High-dimensional optimization remains a key challenge in computational
   intelligence, especially under resource constraints.  Evolutionary
   algorithms, which mimic the change in heritable characteristics of
   biological populations, have been proposed to address this.  These
   algorithms apply selection pressure to favor better solutions over
   generations, and stochastic variations may occasionally introduce suboptimal
   candidates to preserve population diversity.  However, they often struggle
   to balance exploration and exploitation, leading to suboptimal solutions,
   premature convergence, and significant computational demands, making them
   unsuitable for resource-constrained environments.  This paper introduces
   Monkeypox Optimization (MO), a novel evolutionary algorithm inspired by the
   infection and replication lifecycle of the monkeypox virus.  MO mimics the
   virus's rapid spread by employing virus-to-cell infection, where the virus
   persistently seeks out vulnerable cells to penetrate—representing global
   exploration of the search space.  Once inside, cell-to-cell transmission
   enables fast local propagation, modeling the refinement of high-potential
   solutions through accelerated replication.  To conserve resources, MO
   continuously deletes the least effective virion copies, maintaining a
   compact and memory-efficient population.  This biologically grounded design
   not only accelerates convergence but also aligns MO with TinyML principles,
   making it ideally suited for low-power, resource-constrained IoT
   environments.  MO is benchmarked against 21 recent algorithms across 90
   functions from CEC-2017, CEC-2019, and CEC-2020, and validated on three
   engineering design problems.  Results show MO achieves up to 13% lower
   energy consumption and 34% shorter execution time compared to state-of-the-
   art competitors, while maintaining robust accuracy.  A theoretical analysis
   reveals MO's time complexity is O(mn+RTn), confirming its scalability.
   Statistical validation via Friedman and Fisher tests further supports MO's
   performance gains.  © 2025 The Authors
DE evolutionary computation; high-dimensional benchmarking; metaheuristic
   performance analysis; monkeypox optimization algorithm; resource-constrained
   optimization; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID artificial intelligence; arts computing; benchmarking; bioinformatics;
   biomimetics; constrained optimization; evolutionary algorithms; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; life cycle; viruses; high-dimensional; high-
   dimensional benchmarking; higher-dimensional; machine learning;
   metaheuristic; metaheuristic performance analyze; monkeypox optimization
   algorithm; optimizations; optimization algorithms; performances analysis;
   resource-constrained optimization; tiny machine learning; stochastic systems

---

UT 9
AR Adorante R, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14214237
TI Optimized FreeMark Post-Training White-Box Watermarking of Tiny Neural
   Networks
AU Adorante R; Facchinetti T; Pau DP
TC 1
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB Neural networks are powerful, high-accuracy systems whose trained parameters
   represent a valuable intellectual property.  Building models that reach top
   level performance is a complex task and requires substantial investments of
   time and money so protecting these assets is an increasingly important task.
   Extensive research has been carried out on Neural Network Watermarking,
   exploring the possibility of inserting a recognizable marker in a host model
   either in the form of a concealed bit-string or as a characteristic output,
   making it possible to confirm network ownership even in the presence of
   malicious attempts at erasing the embedded marker from the model.  The study
   examines the applicability of Opt-FreeMark, a non-invasive post-training
   white-box watermarking technique, obtained by modifying and optimizing an
   already existing state-of-the-art technique for tiny neural networks.  Here,
   “Tiny” refers to models intended for ultra-low-power deployments, such as
   those running on edge devices like sensors and micro-controllers.  Watermark
   robustness is also demonstrated by simulating common model-modification
   attacks that try to eliminate it from the model while preserving
   performance; the results presented in the paper indicate that the
   watermarking scheme effectively protects the networks against these
   manipulations.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge systems; freemark; post-training; tiny machine learning; watermarking
ID arts computing; digital watermarking; investments; learning systems; low
   power electronics; neural networks; edge system; freemark; high-accuracy;
   machine learning; neural networks; performance; post-training; property;
   tiny machine learning; white box; watermarking

---

UT 15
AR Selvaraj R, 2025, J INT SER INFO SEC, V15, P602, DOI
   10.58346/JISIS.2025.I3.041
TI Tiny ML-Enabled Energy-Efficient Intrusion Detection System for Sustainable
   IoT Security in Green Cybersecurity Ecosystems
AU Selvaraj R; Kuthadi VM; Baskar S; Acevedo R
TC 1
SO J INT SER INFO SEC
PY 2025
AB Internet of Things (IoT) devices face increasing security threats while
   operating under severe energy constraints.  This research addresses the
   critical challenge of implementing effective cybersecurity measures within
   sustainable energy frameworks for resource-constrained IoT environments.
   The research presents Sustainable Micro-Neural Energy-Efficient Security
   Intelligence (SMEESI), a novel TinyML-enabled intrusion detection system
   (IDS) that significantly reduces energy consumption while maintaining robust
   security capabilities.  The research innovation combines lightweight neural
   network architectures with energy-aware anomaly detection algorithms
   specifically optimized for microcontroller deployment.  The SMEESI framework
   includes an adaptive power management module that dynamically adjusts
   computational intensity based on threat levels, achieving energy efficiency
   without compromising security posture.  Performance evaluation demonstrates
   a 78% reduction in power consumption compared to traditional IDS
   implementations while maintaining 94.3% detection accuracy across multiple
   attack vectors.  Memory footprint requirements decreased by 65%, enabling
   deployment on severely resource-limited IoT sensors and actuators.  The
   system has been successfully tested in smart buildings, industrial
   monitoring, and healthcare IoT applications, proving its versatility across
   critical infrastructure domains.  This research contributes to green
   cybersecurity by enabling sustainable security monitoring in IoT ecosystems,
   extending device battery life, reducing electronic waste through prolonged
   hardware lifecycles, and minimizing the carbon footprint of security
   operations while maintaining essential protection against evolving cyber
   threats in the digital age.  © 2025, Innovative Information Science and
   Technology Research Group.  All rights reserved.
DE anomaly detection; eco-friendly digital security; energy efficient security;
   green cybersecurity; intrusion detection system; micro-neural networks;
   sustainable iot security; tinyml

---

UT 25
AR Li S/3, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70038
TI A Tiny Machine Learning for Real-Time Anomaly Detection of Self-Media Public
   Opinion in Edge-Cloud-Cooperation Campus Networks
AU Li S/3
TC 1
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Real-time anomaly detection in self-media public opinion requires
   lightweight solutions to address the latency and multimodal complexity
   challenges of campus network ecosystems.  This article proposes a tiny
   machine learning framework for edge-cloud-cooperation campus networks,
   enabling efficient detection of opinion anomalies through distributed
   computation.  The architecture combines edge-native micro-model compression
   with cloud-assisted federated verification, achieving three key innovations:
   (1) On-device micro-graph neural networks (GNNs) deployed at edge nodes for
   low-latency pattern recognition in terahertz multimedia streams; (2) a dual-
   phase anomaly engine leveraging contrastive semantic alignment and adaptive
   influence analysis to capture cross-modal inconsistencies; (3) dynamic
   knowledge distillation that reduces model footprints to 8 MB while
   preserving 91% precision and 87% recall on a 120,000 post dataset from 15
   universities.  Experimental results demonstrate 120 ms average inference
   latency with 68% lower computation overhead than centralized baselines,
   accelerating emergency response by 3.25× through edge-cloud task
   partitioning.  The framework maintains 74% energy efficiency in continuous
   operation, proving the viability of tiny machine learning paradigms for
   intelligent campus governance without relying on next-generation
   communication standards.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE anomaly detection of public opinion; campus networks; edge-cloud-
   cooperation; tiny machine learning
ID contrastive learning; federated learning; mobile edge computing; anomaly
   detection; anomaly detection of public opinion; campus network; edge clouds;
   edge-cloud-cooperation; machine learning; multi-modal complexity; public
   opinions; real-time anomaly detections; tiny machine learning; graph neural
   networks

---

UT 29
AR Tariq O, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P37763, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3583906
TI NanoMST: A Hardware-Aware Multiscale Transformer Network for TinyML-Based
   Real-Time Inertial Motion Tracking
AU Tariq O; Han D
TC 1
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB Deep learning-based inertial navigation remains a formidable challenge due
   to the intricate temporal dynamics of human motion and the stringent
   computational constraints of edge devices.  This study introduces NanoMST, a
   highly efficient multiscale transformer architecture designed for precise
   pedestrian inertial motion tracking with minimal computational overhead.
   The proposed model integrates a hierarchical multiscale embedding strategy
   with a scale-adaptive attention mechanism, effectively capturing motion
   patterns across diverse temporal resolutions while optimizing efficiency
   through hardware-aware quantization.  With 298K parameters and 7.59M
   floating-point operations, Nano Multiscale Transformer (NanoMST) achieves
   performance comparable to substantially larger models while maintaining an
   exceptionally low computational burden.  Extensive evaluations on benchmark
   datasets, including OxIOD, robust neural inertial navigation (RoNIN), and
   RIDI, yield average trajectory errors of 2.68m on RoNIN, 1.64m on RIDI, and
   1.80m on OxIOD. The quantized 8-bit implementation reduces the model size
   from 1.23MB to 0.41MB while retaining 94% of the original model’s accuracy.
   Profiling on edge devices confirms real-time feasibility, with inference
   latencies ranging from 0.18 to 0.96 ms across various smartphone generations
   and an average throughput exceeding 6000 samples per second, surpassing
   contemporary architectures, such as IMUNet and CTIN. This study illustrates
   an efficient engineering approach for deep learning-based inertial tracking,
   demonstrating that high-precision sequential motion estimation can be
   achieved with a minimal computational footprint.  The efficiency and real-
   time capability of NanoMST make it particularly suitable for deployment in
   resource-constrained environments, including mobile, wearable, and Internet
   of Things applications.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE edge; hardware-efficient; inertial sensors; internet of things ( iot );
   optimization; pedestrian navigation; quantization; tiny machine learning (
   tinyml )
ID benchmarking; computational efficiency; computer hardware; deep learning;
   inertial navigation systems; internet of things; learning systems; motion
   estimation; motion tracking; navigation; network architecture; robotics;
   time and motion study; edge; hardware-efficient; inertial sensor; internet
   of thing; machine learning; optimizations; pedestrian navigation;
   quantization; real- time; tiny machine learning; digital arithmetic

---

UT 32
AR Bhushan CM, 2025, INT CONF INTELL ENV, DOI 10.1109/IE64880.2025.11130056
TI Integrated Underwater Data Transmission and Object Detection System Using
   TinyML and Multi-Hop Networks
AU Bhushan CM; Laskar SH; Garikapati JS; Sai Srihitha P; Hemanth Durga Kumar S;
   Gazi F; Hussain MM
TC 1
SO INT CONF INTELL ENV
PY 2025
AB Underwater communication faces challenges like high attenuation, limited
   bandwidth, and energy constraints.  This paper presents an underwater
   communication system using ultrasonic sensors for image transmission and
   TinyML for efficient object detection.  The architecture comprises a
   Raspberry Pi-based transmitter node, intermediate repeater nodes and a
   receiver node.  Images are processed using Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT),
   transmitted as text files, reconstructed via Inverse DCT (IDCT), and
   analyzed using a lightweight MobileNetV2 model for real-time object
   detection.  The integration of TinyML enables energy-efficient on-device
   inference, addressing resource constraints in edge devices.  The system
   demonstrates effective data transmission and accurate detection, with
   applications in underwater surveillance, marine monitoring, and aquaculture.
   This work underscores TinyML's role in advancing AI-driven Internet of
   Underwater Things (IoUT) technologies.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE discrete cosine transform ( dct ); internet of underwater things ( iout );
   mobilenetv2; tinyml; underwater communication
ID data communication systems; internet of things; inverse problems; marine
   applications; marine communication; object detection; object recognition;
   ultrasonic applications; underwater imaging; data objects; data-
   transmission; discrete cosine transform; discrete cosines; internet of
   underwater thing; internet of underwater things; mobilenetv2; object
   detection systems; tinyml; underwater communication; discrete cosine
   transforms

---

UT 33
AR Bonneau A, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2136 CCIS, P217, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-74640-6_16
TI Addressing Limitations of TinyML Approaches for AI-Enabled Ambient
   Intelligence: Position Paper
AU Bonneau A; Le Mouël F; Mieyeville F
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Ambient Intelligence
   (AmI) has emerged as a promising approach to creating responsive and
   contextually aware environments.  AmI creates contextually aware
   environments by seamlessly integrating intelligent technologies, while AI
   develops algorithms for autonomous learning and decision-making.  However,
   embedding AI within AmI environments faces challenges due to limited
   resources and energy constraints.  While recent research on embedded AI has
   primarily focused on specific tasks of AmI, our goal is to develop a
   comprehensive framework encompassing all the necessary components for
   practical use cases.  Through this endeavor, we aim to explore power-aware
   designs and distributed learning as fundamental approaches to address
   limited computational resources, energy constraints, and dynamic context
   variations challenges.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE federated learning; intermittent learning; on-device learning; power
   consumption; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; ambient intelligence; contrastive learning;
   ambients; autonomous decision; aware environments; energy constraint;
   intelligent technology; intermittent learning; on-device learning; position
   papers; power; tinyml; federated learning

---

UT 35
AR Al-Libawy H, 2025, J EUR SYST AUTOM, V58, P1101, DOI 10.18280/jesa.580602
TI Non-Intrusive Water Pipeline Flowmeter Based on Acoustic Signal Using AI
   Approach
AU Al-Libawy H; Al-Muttairi AI; Ameen MJM
TC 1
SO J EUR SYST AUTOM
PY 2025
AB Deep learning approaches spread widely in many applications because of their
   accurate results.  Water flow rate measurement is one of these applications.
   This work proposes a new approach for measuring water flow rate in pipes
   using acoustic signals generated.  The approach consists of multiple stages:
   real-time acoustic data collection, feature extraction, and classifier
   implementation.  A medical stethoscope and microphone are attached to the
   pipe under test with a proper soundproof mounted enclosure to collect
   acoustic data.  The obtained data represented ten levels of water flow rate
   in the pipe.  Then, all these data are processed and used to generate
   features using the Mel-Filterbank energies spectrogram, which enhances flow-
   related acoustic information.  The generated spectrogram features of the 10
   classes are fed to the deep learning classifier, which is based on the
   TinyML framework.  Classifier high-performance metrics show the implemented
   approach's success in accurately measuring flow.  The 98.36% accuracy of the
   classifier illustrates the success of the proposed approach with an F1 Score
   of 0.99, which outperforms the competitive research results.  Moreover, the
   trained and tested classifier with the feature generation stage is deployed
   efficiently on the limited resources microcontroller (Arduino Nano 33BLE
   sense), consuming only a tiny share of the microcontroller's resources.
   Additionally, the resulting latency of the classifier inference time is less
   than 0.2 seconds, making the classifier suitable for real-time applications.
   ©2025 The authors.
DE 1d-cnn classifier; acoustic signal flowmeter; flow rate measurement;
   flowmeter; neural network; tinyml

---

UT 40
AR Lenka MK, 2025, AD HOC NETW, V178, DOI 10.1016/j.adhoc.2025.103915
TI WISDOM: A framework for scaling on-device Wi-Fi sensing solutions
AU Lenka MK; Chakraborty A
TC 1
SO AD HOC NETW
PY 2025
AB Recent innovations in Wi-Fi sensing capitalizes on a host of powerful deep
   neural network architectures that make inferences based on minute spatio-
   temporal dynamics in the wireless channel.  Many of such inference
   techniques being resource intensive, conventional wisdom recommends
   offloading them to the network Edge for further processing.  In this paper,
   we argue that edge based sensing is often not a viable option for many
   applications (due to cost, bandwidth, latency etc.). Rather, we explore the
   paradigm of on-device Wi-Fi sensing where inference is carried out locally
   on resource constrained IoT platforms.  We present extensive benchmark
   results characterizing the resource consumption (memory, energy) and the
   performance (accuracy, inference rate) of some typical sensing tasks.  We
   propose WISDOM, a framework that, depending on capabilities of the hardware
   platform and application's requirements, can compress the inference model.
   Such context aware compression aims to improve the overall utility of the
   system — maximal inference performance at minimal resource costs.  We
   demonstrate that models obtained using the WISDOM framework achieve higher
   utility compared to baseline models that are just quantized for 83% of the
   cases.  While for non-compressed models it has higher utility 99% of the
   time.  © 2025 Elsevier B.V.
DE iot; model compression; on-device inferencing; tinyml; utility maximization;
   wi-fi; wireless sensing
ID iot; model compression; neural network architecture; on-device inferencing;
   performance; scalings; tinyml; utility maximizations; wi-fi; wireless
   sensing

---

UT 51
AR Akram MS, 2025, J SYST ARCH, V168, DOI 10.1016/j.sysarc.2025.103587
TI Toward TinyDPFL systems for real-time cardiac healthcare: Trends,
   challenges, and system-level perspectives on AI algorithms, hardware, and
   edge intelligence
AU Akram MS; Varma BS; Javed A; Harkin J; Finlay D
TC 1
SO J SYST ARCH
PY 2025
AB Despite rapid advances in medical technology, cardiac diseases remain the
   leading cause of global mortality, with arrhythmias that pose significant
   diagnostic and treatment challenges.  This survey presents a comprehensive
   review of 176 state-of-the-art contributions in machine learning (ML),
   federated learning (FL), TinyML, and hardware acceleration for efficient,
   real-time, and privacy-preserving cardiac diagnosis and care.  Explores both
   software and hardware advancements, including differential privacy (DP),
   quantized neural networks, and FPGA (Field Programmable Gate Array)-based
   implementations optimized for edge devices and wearable devices.  Key
   challenges, such as latency, energy constraints, adversarial robustness, and
   personalization, are systematically examined.  The survey synthesizes
   solutions across algorithmic innovations, secure and adaptive FL frameworks,
   and neuromorphic and sparse architectures, especially FPGA-based solutions,
   for resource-aware inference and training.  Informed by original research,
   it highlights emerging directions: AI-driven data mining, DP for quantized
   models, continual learning (CL) on the edge, FPGA-accelerators including
   quantized DNN, SNN, and Sparse architectures, tuneable/reconfigurable FPGA-
   based TinyDPFL, Multimodal heterogeneous FL, real-time adversarial detection
   via model watermarking.  This work offers a unified system-level perspective
   bridging ML algorithms and edge AI hardware, guiding the development of
   scalable, adaptive, and trustworthy cardiac healthcare systems.  Beyond
   surveying existing literature, it proposes forward-looking design principles
   to advance intelligent, secure, and practical digital cardiology.  © 2025
   The Authors
DE cardiac diseases; diagnosis and treatment; differential privacy; federated
   learning; fpga; hardware accelerators; machine learning; tinyml
ID cardiology; computer hardware; data mining; data privacy; diagnosis;
   differential privacy; diseases; hardware security; healthcare; heart;
   integrated circuit design; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine
   learning; neural networks; reconfigurable architectures; cardiac disease;
   diagnose and treatment; differential privacies; field programmable gate
   array; field programmables; hardware accelerators; machine learning;
   programmable gate array; real- time; tinyml; field programmable gate arrays
   ( fpga )

---

UT 56
AR Thota YR, 2025, PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI, P860, DOI
   10.1145/3716368.3735271
TI TinyML Based Biometric Authentication Using PPG Signals for Edge Devices
AU Thota YR; Nixon JS; Chandran B; Nikoubin T
TC 1
SO PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI
PY 2025
AB Biometric authentication using physiological signals has gained attention
   for its security and robustness.  This study presents a TinyML based
   authentication system leveraging Photoplethysmography (PPG) signals for
   real-time, edge-based identity verification.  We explored various
   segmentation techniques, including windowing, peak-to-peak segmentation, and
   Pulse Segmentation to optimize feature extraction.  The BioSec.Lab PPG
   Dataset was utilized alongside time domain, spectral and spectrogram-based
   feature extraction to enhance classification accuracy.  Multiple deep
   learning architectures - including Deep Neural Network (DNN),
   1D-Convolutional Neural Network (1D-CNN), and 2D-CNN, were evaluated for
   PPG-based biometric authentication.  Our model achieved a peak accuracy of
   96.64% for 30 individuals.  The model is optimized for deployment on
   wearable and edge devices, requiring only a single point of contact for
   authentication.  Finally, model performance was evaluated on the Espressif
   ESP-EYE (ESP32, 240 MHz), highlighting the potential of TinyML powered
   biometric authentication, offering a lightweight, secure, and real-time
   solution for identity verification on resource constrained devices.  © 2025
   Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE biometric authentication; deep learning; neural networks;
   photoplethysmography ( ppg ) signals; spectrogram; tinyml
ID authentication; biometrics; convolutional neural networks; cryptography;
   feature extraction; human engineering; time domain analysis; wearable
   computers; authentication systems; biometric authentication; deep learning;
   features extraction; identity verification; neural networks;
   photoplethysmography  signal; physiological signals; spectrograms; tinyml;
   deep neural networks; extraction

---

UT 64
AR Flores TKS/1, 2025, SOFTWAREX, V31, DOI 10.1016/j.softx.2025.102224
TI TensorFlores: An enhanced Python-based TinyML framework
AU Flores TKS/1; Costa DG; Silva I
TC 1
SO SOFTWAREX
PY 2025
AB The TensorFlores framework is a Python-based tool designed to optimize
   machine learning deployment in resource-constrained environments.  It
   introduces evolving clustering-based quantization, supporting both
   quantization-aware training and post-training quantization while maintaining
   model accuracy.  TensorFlores converts TensorFlow MLP models into optimized
   formats and generates platform-agnostic C++ code for embedded systems.  Its
   modular architecture minimizes memory usage and computational overhead,
   enabling efficient real-time inference.  By combining clustering-based
   quantization and automated code generation, TensorFlores enhances TinyML
   applications, making it a robust solution for low-power and edge AI
   scenarios in embedded and IoT systems.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE code generation; edge ai; internet of things; quantization
ID artificial intelligence; automatic programming; c++ ( programming language
   ); codes ( symbols ); computer software; embedded systems; learning systems;
   memory architecture; python; real-time systems; tensors; c++ codes;
   codegeneration; edge ai; embedded-system; evolving clustering; machine
   learning; mlp model; modeling accuracy; modular architectures; quantization;
   internet of things

---

UT 82
AR Syed AA, 2025, INT CONF COMPU INTELL APPL CIACON, DOI
   10.1109/CIACON65473.2025.11189781
TI A Scalable Serverless Framework for Real-Time Analytics of Remote Patient
   Monitoring IoT Devices
AU Syed AA; Mohammed AS; Ahmed S; Mamodiya U
TC 1
SO INT CONF COMPU INTELL APPL CIACON
PY 2025
AB The exponential growth of IoT-equipped remote patient monitoring (RPM)
   systems has generated enormous amounts of real-time health data with immense
   challenges related to latency, scalability, and cost of operation.
   Conventional cloud-based analytical platforms tend to be plagued with high
   overheads, sluggish response times, and inflexibility, rendering them
   inappropriate for critical healthcare applications.  This research puts
   forward (SHEAF) Serverless Health Edge Analytics Framework, a light,
   scalable, and affordable Serverless architecture that is tailored for real-
   time data processing and analysis of health information from RPM IoT
   devices.  The architecture uses MQTT for communication at the device level,
   Kafka for high-volume data ingestion, and AWS Lambda as the Serverless
   compute engine to analyze data streams in real time.  On-site filtering and
   simple anomaly detection are done by an optional TinyML module embedded on
   edge devices, reducing transmission burden.  Predictive analytics with light
   LSTM models are embedded in Serverless functions to identify anomalies and
   trigger alerts.  Based on simulated trials with synthetic patient data, they
   exhibited a reduction of 40-60% in latency, 92-95% correct prediction of the
   occurrence of important events, and a 30% reduction of bandwidth consumption
   versus standard cloud systems.  Moreover, the system held consistent
   performance using more than 1000 connections simultaneously on a device,
   confirming good scalability.  Its Serverless core presents a low-latency,
   low-cost, and high-performance proposition against conventional frameworks,
   making it particularly well suited for under provisioned or rural health
   networks.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE aws lambda; edge ai; iot healthcare; lstm; mqtt; real-time analytics; remote
   patient monitoring; serverless computing; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; data reduction; edge computing; healthcare; internet of
   things; medical computing; predictive analytics; scalability; aws lambda;
   edge ai; iot healthcare; lambdas; lstm; mqtt; real- time; real-time
   analytics; serverless computing; tinyml; remote patient monitoring

---

UT 84
AR Pizarro ER, 2025, PROC NUCL PLANT INSTRUM CONTROL HUMAN-MACH INTERFACE
   TECHNOL NPIC HMIT, P651, DOI 10.13182/NPICHMIT25-46886
TI Securing Radiation Detection Systems with an Efficient TinyML-Based IDS for
   Edge Devices
AU Pizarro ER; Zaheer W; Yang L; El-Khatib K; Harvel G
TC 1
SO PROC NUCL PLANT INSTRUM CONTROL HUMAN-MACH INTERFACE TECHNOL NPIC HMIT
PY 2025
AB Radiation Detection Systems (RDSs) play a vital role in ensuring public
   safety across various settings, from nuclear facilities to medical
   environments.  However, these systems are increasingly vulnerable to cyber-
   attacks such as data injection, man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks, ICMP
   floods, botnet attacks, privilege escalation, and distributed denial-of-
   service (DDoS) attacks.  Such threats could compromise the integrity and
   reliability of radiation measurements, posing significant public health and
   safety risks.  This paper presents a newsynthetic radiation dataset and an
   Intrusion Detection System (IDS) tailored for resource-constrained
   environments, bringing Machine Learning (ML) predictive capabilities closer
   to the sensing edge layer of critical infrastructure.Leveraging TinyML
   techniques, the proposed IDS employs an optimized XGBoostmodel enhanced with
   pruning, quantization, feature selection, and sampling.  These
   TinyMLtechniques significantly reduce the size of the model and
   computational demands, enabling real-time intrusion detection on low-
   resource devices while maintaining a reasonable balance between
   efficiencyand accuracy.  © 2025 AMERICAN NUCLEAR SOCIETY, INCORPORATED,
   WESTMONT, ILLINOIS 60559.
DE cybersecurity; intrusion detection system; ml; radiation detection system;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; crime; cybersecurity; denial-of-service attack;
   distributed computer systems; intrusion detection; network security; nuclear
   energy; public risks; public works; radiation detectors; risk assessment;
   botnets; cyber security; cyber-attacks; intrusion detection systems; machine
   learning; man in the middle; nuclear facilities; public safety; radiation
   detection system; tinyml; health risks

---

UT 85
AR Malche T, 2025, DISCOV INTERNET THINGS, V5, DOI 10.1007/s43926-025-00165-x
TI Voice-activated home automation system for IoT edge devices using TinyML
AU Malche T; Budhani S; Soni PK; Upadhyay GM
TC 1
SO DISCOV INTERNET THINGS
PY 2025
AB Home automation systems are popular because they enhance the quality of life
   and the way users interact with the environment.  Deploying complex machine
   learning models on Internet of Things (IoT) devices with limited resources
   is still difficult.  This study proposes a home automation system based on a
   TinyML (Tiny Machine Learning) model to recognize specific spoken keywords.
   The developed model runs effectively on IoT devices which usually have
   limited resources.  Using TinyML, the limitations of memory size, processing
   power and latency associated with IoT devices are addressed.  The objective
   of this research is to train a keyword-spotting model for devices with low
   computation and memory.  The trained TinyML model can recognize specific
   voice commands associated with home automation tasks, such as controlling
   lights, thermostats, and other appliances.  To test our approach, we ran
   experiments in real-world settings and on edge IoT devices with limited
   resources.  The results show that our keyword spotting model is both highly
   accurate and efficient and uses minimum computational resources.  This
   research helps in the advancement of TinyML applications in home automation
   and broadens the potential for voice interaction in constrained
   environments.  The keyword spotting model in the proposed system is built
   using Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN). Different data pre-
   processing techniques are also applied to refine the dataset.  The trained
   model is then converted to be deployed on the low resource devices without
   compromising the model’s efficiency.  The model attains an 96.67% test
   accuracy.  The model is quantized for devices with limited resources.  It
   operates with an 11 ms latency, using 19.8 K of RAM and 55.0 K of flash for
   recognizing and classifying users’ voice commands in real-time.  This
   demonstrates how TinyML can create efficient and user-friendly smart home
   solutions.  The main contribution of the work presented in this paper is
   that the designed model can be deployed on a wide range of IoT devices.
   Since the model is trained on voice instructions which limits the model’s
   robustness.  In future work, this limitation can be eliminated by
   integrating multilingual instructions.  © The Author(s) 2025.
DE good health and well-being; home automation; internet of things; keyword
   spotting; machine learning; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; good health and well-being; home automation; home
   automation systems; keyword spotting; machine learning models; machine
   learning; tiny machine learning; voice command; well-being; convolutional
   neural networks

---

UT 90
AR Chen Z/2, 2025, IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC - PROC, P334,
   DOI 10.1109/A-SSCC67472.2025.11349620
TI A 28 nm 68.6TOPS/W Folded-Differential SwitchedCapacitor FIA-Based SRAM CIM
   Macro With Scalable MAC Sizes for Tiny-ML Inference
AU Chen Z/2; Cheong L-A; Yu T/1; Chen Y/1; Yin G; Yi T; Liu Y/1; Yang H/2; Li
   X/1
TC 1
SO IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC - PROC
PY 2025
AB Intelligent edge-Al devices require both accurate and energyefficient
   inference capabilities.  Analog compute-in-memory (ACIM) has emerged as a
   promising hardware acceleration approach for deep neural networks (DNNs)
   [1-5], enabling high-parallel multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) operations
   without the need for large-area adder trees in digital or hybrid CIM [6, 7].
   Meanwhile, tiny machine learning (Tiny-ML) models [8] replace standard
   convolution (Conv) with depth-wise separable convolution (DS-Conv), which
   reduces both MAC operations and model parameters by up to 10-100 x while
   maintaining comparable accuracy.  However, DS-Conv induces higher
   sensitivity to computational errors and increases variability in MAC sizes.
   Therefore, conventional ACIM still faces significant challenges in
   supporting both Conv and DS-Conv for efficient, accurate, and scalable Tiny-
   ML, including: (1) reduced compute signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) caused by low
   V MACswing; (2) low CIMADC utilization due to varying MAC sizes; (3) over-
   designed ADC to accommodate a wide dynamic range (DR) of analog-MAC-values
   (AMACVs), as illustrated in Fig.  1.  © 2025 IEEE.
ID convolution; deep neural networks; learning systems; acceleration approach;
   adder tree; energy efficient; hardware acceleration; machine learning
   models; machine learning; multiply-and-accumulate operations; multiply-and-
   accumulate; neural networks; switched capacitor; signal to noise ratio

---

UT 96
AR Sayan Saha S, 2025, PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS, DOI
   10.1109/EMBC58623.2025.11251861
TI On-Device, Continuous, Cuffless, and Accelerometer-Based Blood Pressure
   Monitoring
AU Sayan Saha S; Anwar Puthenveedu M; Chowdhary M
TC 1
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS
PY 2025
AB Cuffless blood pressure monitoring enables noninvasive, practical, and
   continuous cardiovascular disease management.  This paper introduces an
   intelligent inertial blood pressure measurement device based on pulse
   transit time and ballistocardiography.  Time-synchronized data from two
   accelerometers placed on the common carotid artery are fed to a lightweight
   on-device neural network for systolic and diastolic estimation.  Platform-
   aware neural architecture search pre-trains the most accurate model that
   fits within the device from a multi-person dataset.  Transfer learning
   personalizes the model using only 30 seconds of cuff calibration.  The model
   achieves < ±2 mmHg systolic and diastolic error in preclinical trials on 18
   patients, consumes <100 kB of memory, and provides 3 readings every second.
   The device is wireless, non-invasive, personalizable, and cuffless,
   communicating with patients using a smartphone interface.  The framework
   enables continuous blood pressure monitoring in non-clinical settings by
   non-experts.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE accelerometer; ballistocardiography; blood pressure; cuffless; diastolic;
   inertial measurement unit; neural architecture search; neural network; pulse
   transit time; systolic; tiny machine learning; transfer learning
ID accelerometry; ballistocardiography; blood pressure; blood pressure
   determination; humans; neural networks computer; pulse wave analysis;
   smartphone; blood; diseases; hemodynamics; learning systems; memory
   architecture; mhealth; network architecture; signal processing; transfer
   learning; ballistocardiography; cuffless; diastolic; inertial measurements
   units; machine learning; neural architecture search; neural architectures;
   neural networks; pulse transit time; systolic; tiny machine learning;
   transfer learning; accelerometry; artificial neural network;
   ballistocardiography; blood pressure; blood pressure measurement; devices;
   human; procedures; pulse wave; smartphone; accelerometers; blood pressure;
   neural networks

---

UT 107
AR Hu N-Z, 2025, ENG PROC, V92, DOI 10.3390/engproc2025092074
TI Integrating Tiny Machine Learning and Edge Computing for Real-Time Object
   Recognition in Industrial Robotic Arms †
AU Hu N-Z; Lin B-A; Wu Y-Y; Huang H-L; Lin Y-X; Lin C-C; Lu P-H
TC 1
SO ENG PROC
PY 2025
AB By integrating visual recognition technology and multi-object recognition
   into robotic arms, the flexibility and automation of the production process
   were improved in this study.  By applying tiny machine learning (TinyML) and
   machine vision algorithms, we integrated edge computing devices to control
   the robotic arms and identified objects precisely on the production line,
   with ultra-low energy consumption.  The developed system in this study
   included the SparkFun Edge development board and Raspberry Pi Camera Module
   3, as edge devices for data processing, image recognition, and robotic arm
   control.  By utilizing the Edge Impulse platform for data collection, model
   training, and optimization, edge devices and models for use in resource-
   limited environments were successfully generated.  Using Edge Impulse’s
   automated toolchain, real-time image processing and object recognition were
   realized.  The system achieved improved recognition accuracy and operational
   speed, demonstrating the potential of TinyML in enhancing the intelligence
   of robotic arms.  MariaDB was chosen for data storage.  Grafana was used to
   design a user-friendly web interface for real-time data monitoring and
   visualization and immediate data analysis and system monitoring.  The
   developed system presented a success rate of 99% during actual operation.
   The feasibility of combining advanced image processing technology with
   robotic arms in intelligent manufacturing was verified in this study.  The
   potential of integrating machine learning and automation technologies was
   also confirmed for the development of future manufacturing technologies.
   The model provides a technical reference and ideas for future factories that
   require high levels of automation and intelligence.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge computing; edge impulse; industry 40; multi-object recognition; real-
   time visualization; tensorflow lite; tinyml

---

UT 108
AR Aanjankumar S, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P97428, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3573076
TI Enhanced Consumer Healthcare Data Protection Through AI-Driven TinyML and
   Privacy-Preserving Techniques
AU Aanjankumar S; Muchahari MK; Urooj S; Kaur I; Dhanaraj RK; Mengash HA;
   Poonkuntran S; Kaveri PR
TC 1
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB In the recent digital landscape, securing healthcare data stored on personal
   devices has become imperative due to increasing cyberattacks.  Healthcare
   data inside an organization is often vulnerable to security breaches and
   requires privacy-preserving mechanisms to ensure secure storage and sharing
   across various platforms.  This research proposes a novel method by
   integrating TinyML (machine learning) with federated learning (FL) and
   differential privacy (DP) to ensure the security and privacy of health-
   related data on resource-constrained edge devices.  The proposed method with
   TinyML looks at patient data, like ECG readings and reports of unusual
   heartbeats, right on local edge devices that have limited resources, enabled
   immediate privacy checks while using minimal computing power.  Federated
   learning trains the model on local edge devices by ensuring sensitive data
   remains on user devices, which are accessed centrally.  Finally,
   differential privacy techniques strengthen security by additionally adding
   noise to data for safeguarding against malicious attacks without
   compromising the data’s accessibility.  The proposed model achieves a high
   accuracy of 99%, significantly outperforming the traditional models, like
   decision trees at 76%, random forests at 98.1%, and federated learning with
   deep Q at 95%. The proposed methodology provides a scalable and efficient
   solution for real-time healthcare data sharing by ensuring data privacy and
   security across healthcare data source environments.  The analysis of
   experimental results validates the model’s efficiency in securing healthcare
   data, with implications for broader applications in secure, privacy-
   preserving medical data security analysis.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE differential privacy; ecg; federated learning; feedforward neural network;
   healthcare data security; tinyml
ID access control; anonymity; data sharing; differential privacy; ehealth;
   electrotherapeutics; hospital data processing; network security; privacy by
   design; sensitive data; trusted computing; cyber-attacks; differential
   privacies; feed forward; healthcare data security; machine learning; neural
   networks; privacy-preserving; secure storage; security and privacy; tinyml;
   electrocardiography

---

UT 135
AR Abdulghafoor YS, 2025, AL-NAHRAIN J ENG SCI, V28, P97, DOI
   10.29194/NJES.2801097
TI Navigating the Challenges and Opportunities of Tiny Deep Learning and Tiny
   Machine Learning in Lung Cancer Identification
AU Abdulghafoor YS; Al-Neami AQ; Hussein AF
TC 1
SO AL-NAHRAIN J ENG SCI
PY 2025
AB Lung cancer is the most common dangerous disease that, if treated late, can
   lead to death.  It is more likely to be treated if successfully discovered
   at an early stage before it worsens.  Distinguishing the size, shape, and
   location of lymphatic nodes can identify the spread of the disease around
   these nodes.  Thus, identifying lung cancer at the early stage is remarkably
   helpful for doctors.  Lung cancer can be diagnosed successfully by expert
   doctors; however, their limited experience may lead to misdiagnosis and
   cause medical issues in patients.  In the line of computer-assisted systems,
   many methods and strategies can be used to predict the cancer malignancy
   level that plays a significant role to provide precise abnormality
   detection.  In this paper, the use of modern learning machine-based
   approaches was explored.  More than 70 state-of-the-art articles (from 2019
   to 2024) were extensively explored to highlight the different machine
   learning and deep learning (DL) techniques of different models used for the
   detection, classification, and prediction of cancerous lung tumors.  The
   efficient model of Tiny DL must be built to assist physicians who are
   working in rural medical centers for swift and rapid diagnosis of lung
   cancer.  The combination of lightweight Convolutional Neural Networks and
   limited resources could produce a portable model with low computational cost
   that has the ability to substitute the skill and experience of doctors
   needed in urgent cases.  © 2025, Al-Nahrain University College of
   Engineering.  All rights reserved.
DE automated diagnosis; lung cancer; tiny deep learning; tiny machine learning

---

UT 139
AR Zang J, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70090
TI TinyML-Driven On-Device Sports Command Recognition in Mobile and Dynamic
   Environments
AU Zang J
TC 1
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB In this article, we propose a novel TinyML-based framework for real-time
   sports command recognition under mobile conditions.  Unlike conventional
   Human Activity Recognition (HAR) systems that rely on cloud-based processing
   or heavy on-device models, our method leverages lightweight deep neural
   networks, personalized transfer learning, and signal augmentation techniques
   to perform low-latency and energy-efficient inference directly on
   microcontroller-class devices.  The system is designed to recognize a set of
   critical sports instructions (e.g., “Start Running,” “Jump,” and “Sprint”)
   in mobile or outdoor environments using only wearable inertial sensors.
   Extensive experiments demonstrate our method outperforms several state-of-
   the-art baselines in accuracy (95.8%), model size (14.5 KB), and energy
   efficiency (0.82 mJ per inference). Compared to prior wearable HAR systems,
   our method uniquely integrates motion-aware segmentation and user-
   personalized few-shot adaptation, resulting in a 5.3% accuracy gain and 4×
   model compression over baseline TinyML frameworks.  The proposed method
   provides an effective balance between model accuracy, generalization, and
   hardware efficiency, even in scenarios with significant motion noise and
   environmental variability.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE embedded ai; mobile environments; sports command recognition; tinyml;
   wearable sensors
ID deep neural networks; energy efficiency; green computing; learning systems;
   pattern recognition; signal processing; sports; wearable computers; cloud-
   based; command recognition; dynamic environments; embedded ai; human
   activity recognition systems; mobile conditions; mobile environments; real-
   time; sport command recognition; tinyml; wearable sensors

---

UT 147
AR Lamaakal I, 2025, PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA, DOI
   10.1109/ICESA66763.2025.11281142
TI TinyML vs LLMs: A Survey of Extreme Scales in Machine Learning
AU Lamaakal I; Yahyati C; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y; Ouahbi I
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA
PY 2025
AB ML now works with an unmatched range of computational scales, from
   microcontrollers with models that are only a few kilobytes big to cloud
   infrastructures with Large Language Models (LLMs) that have trillions of
   parameters.  These extremes show how AI has made progress in different ways:
   Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is great for green apps that don't have a lot
   of resources because it focuses on real-time, ultra-low-power inference on
   edge devices.  LLMs, on the other hand, are the best at understanding,
   reasoning, and generating language, but they often use a lot of energy and
   hurt the environment.  This research provides a comprehensive analysis of
   TinyML and LLMs, highlighting their importance in the context of green and
   sustainable technology.  We offer a systematic taxonomy that evaluates both
   paradigms based on critical factors such as model size, latency, energy
   consumption, memory footprint, training methodologies, privacy
   considerations, and deployment architecture.  There are talks about how to
   use TinyML in smart agriculture, IoT, and wearable health monitoring, and
   how to use LLMs in cloud-based text generation, code synthesis, and decision
   support.  We carefully consider the pros and cons of centralization and
   decentralization, scalability and sustainability, and performance and
   efficiency.  Finally, we talk about what might happen in the future, like
   quantized TinyLLMs, federated learning for privacy-aware sustainability, and
   hybrid edge-cloud systems where TinyML acts as a green intelligence filter
   for LLM backends.  The purpose of this poll is to get people to share their
   ideas on how to make AI systems that are both helpful and good for the
   environment.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; edge intelligence; embedded machine learning; llms; tinyml
ID agriculture; edge computing; embedded systems; energy utilization; green
   computing; learning systems; machine learning; smart agriculture;
   sustainable development; wearable computers; edge ai; edge intelligence;
   embedded machine learning; embedded machines; extreme scale; language model;
   large language model; machine learning; tiny machine learning; decision
   support systems

---

UT 160
AR Dey A, 2025, PROC - INT SYMP REAL-TIME DISTRIB COMPUT ISORC, P279, DOI
   10.1109/ISORC65339.2025.00043
TI Real-Time Performance Benchmarking of TinyML Models in Embedded Systems
   (PICO: Performance of Inference, CPU, and Operations)
AU Dey A; Srivastava S; Singh G; Pettit RG
TC 1
SO PROC - INT SYMP REAL-TIME DISTRIB COMPUT ISORC
PY 2025
AB This paper presents PICO-TINYML-benchmark, a modular and platform-agnostic
   framework for benchmarking the real-time performance of TinyML models on
   resourceconstrained embedded systems.  Evaluating key metrics such as
   inference latency, CPU utilization, memory efficiency, and prediction
   stability, the framework provides insights into computational trade-offs and
   platform-specific optimizations.  We benchmark three representative TinyML
   models-Gesture Classification, Keyword Spotting, and MobileNet V2-on two
   widely adopted platforms, BeagleBone AI64 and Raspberry Pi 4, using
   realworld datasets.  Results reveal critical trade-offs: the BeagleBone AI64
   demonstrates consistent inference latency for AI-specific tasks, while the
   Raspberry Pi 4 excels in resource efficiency and cost-effectiveness.  These
   findings offer actionable guidance for optimizing TinyML deployments,
   bridging the gap between theoretical advancements and practical applications
   in embedded systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE benchmarking; embedded systems; machine learning; real-time performance;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; commerce; computational efficiency; cost
   effectiveness; embedded software; learning systems; real-time systems; cpu
   utilization; embedded-system; machine learning; modulars; performance;
   performance benchmarking; real-time performance; resource-constrained
   embedded systems; tinyml; trade off; benchmarking; economic and social
   effects; embedded systems

---

UT 161
AR Yanik ME, 2025, EUR SIGNAL PROCES CONF, P2217, DOI
   10.23919/EUSIPCO63237.2025.11226243
TI Radar-Based Automotive In-Cabin Occupancy Detection in Driving Scenarios: An
   Edge-AI Powered Algorithm with Its Real-Time Implementation
AU Yanik ME; Dabak A; Jovanovic S; Mani A; Rao S
TC 1
SO EUR SIGNAL PROCES CONF
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a novel millimeter-wave (mmWave) radar-based automotive
   in-cabin monitoring solution utilizing the combination of advanced signal
   processing and edge-AI techniques to accurately detect occupants in dynamic
   driving scenarios and ensure reliable decisions in unseen environments.  By
   leveraging the high-resolution capabilities of mmWave radar, this study aims
   to provide a robust, cost-effective, and non-intrusive solution compared to
   traditional technologies like weight sensors.  We present a detailed
   discussion on the end-to-end processing chain with its optimized
   implementation on Texas Instruments (TI) AWRL6844 mmWave sensors for real-
   time occupancy detection.  Experimental results and benchmarks demonstrate
   the effectiveness of our approach with >98% occupancy detection accuracy in
   driving car scenarios using a single mmWave sensor and a real-time
   implementation that achieves a 5Hz frame rate.  Additionally, we introduce
   the dataset, comprising numerous real-world driving scenarios, utilized for
   model training and validation.  This paper also provides an overview of the
   custom-built toolset developed to support the entire classification workflow
   and address a scalable framework to solve further challenges for in-cabin
   sensing, such as occupant classification (child vs.  adult, etc.). © 2025
   European Signal Processing Conference, EUSIPCO. All rights reserved.
DE automotive in-cabin occupancy detection; edge ai; millimeter-wave radar;
   radar signal processing; tinyml
ID automobile drivers; automotive radar; cost effectiveness; edge detection;
   image processing; radar signal processing; real-time control; signal
   detection; tracking radar; automotive in-cabin occupancy detection;
   automotives; edge ai; in-cabin; millimeter-wave radar; millimetre-wave
   radar; occupancy detections; radar signals; signal processing; tinyml;
   millimeter waves

---

UT 165
AR Mai N-D, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P48866, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3609250
TI Wearable Ear-Centric Physiological Sensing With On-Edge Physics-Informed
   Neural Networks for Negative Mental State Detection
AU Mai N-D; April Nando Y; Chung W-Y
TC 1
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB Monitoring mental states is essential for understanding physiological and
   neurological health, offering insights that enhance diagnostics and therapy.
   However, current systems are often bulky, immobile, and reliant on external
   devices for deep learning (DL), limiting real-time applications.  This study
   introduces a compact, real-time mental state monitoring system with four
   innovations.  First, a wearable ear-centric device captures multimodal
   biosignals-behind-the-ear (BTE) electroencephalography (EEG) and in-ear
   photoplethysmography (PPG)-enhancing portability.  Second, a high-resolution
   superlet transform (HRST) converts these signals into spectrogram images to
   enrich input features for DL models.  Third, the PhysAttenConvLSTM model,
   designed for edge deployment using tiny machine learning (TinyML),
   integrates convolutional neural networks (CNNs), long short-term memory
   (LSTM), self-attention, and a physics-informed merge layer (PIML) to
   classify affective states efficiently.  All processes - from signal
   acquisition to classification - occur directly on the edge device, enabling
   low-latency, real-time operation without external computation.  Fourth, the
   Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) framework is implemented for data storage,
   remote access, and system management.  Multimodal data were collected from
   25 participants during social media-based mental state induction tasks.  The
   system achieved 92.07% accuracy in leave-one-out cross-validation (LOOCV)
   and 95.05% in ten-fold cross-validation (CV), with strong specificity,
   sensitivity, precision, and F1 scores.  This research advances edge DL,
   multimodal biosignal fusion, and IoMT integration, offering an
   ultraportable, energy-efficient solution for real-time mental state
   monitoring, with potential in affective computing and personalized mental
   healthcare.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE behind-the-ear ( bte ) electroencephalography ( eeg ); in-ear
   photoplethysmography ( ppg ); internet of medical things ( iomt ); mental
   state monitoring; on-edge computing; physics-informed neural networks (
   pinns ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID biomedical signal processing; brain; classification ( of information );
   diagnosis; digital storage; internet of things; learning systems; long
   short-term memory; medical computing; wearable computers; behind-the-ear
   electroencephalography; edge computing; in-ear photoplethysmography;
   internet of medical thing; machine learning; mental state; mental state
   monitoring; neural networks; on-edge computing; physic-informed neural
   network; state monitoring; tiny machine learning; electrophysiology

---

UT 174
AR Shah H, 2025, INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG TECHNOL ICETET, DOI
   10.1109/ICETETSIP64213.2025.11156379
TI Low Power Edge AI for Real Time Sound Classification
AU Shah H
TC 1
SO INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG TECHNOL ICETET
PY 2025
AB The rise of artificial intelligence and machine learning has driven big
   improvements in sound classification.  This is also true in smart devices
   like wearables and IoT sensors.  However, conventional deep learning models
   demand high computational power, making them unsuitable for low-power edge
   devices.  This paper will talk about a TinyML-based sound classification
   model which was optimized for low-power applications.  Utilizing Quantized
   Convolutional Neural Networks, also known as Q-CNNs and Knowledge
   Distillation (KD), our approach enhances efficiency while preserving
   classification accuracy.  This model enables real-time sound classification
   on battery operated devices that has minimal energy consumption.  The paper
   is structured like this: Section I provides an introduction, Section II
   presents a literature review, Section III discusses industry trends, Section
   IV covers implementation considerations, Section V explores future trends,
   and Section VI concludes the findings.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE low power edge ai; q-cnns; sound classification; tinyml
ID acoustic waves; classification ( of information ); convolutional neural
   networks; deep learning; learning systems; low power electronics; artificial
   intelligence learning; learning models; low power; low power edge ai;
   machine learning; q-cnn; real- time; smart devices; sound classification;
   tinyml; energy utilization

---

UT 175
AR Chittepu S, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-96588-1
TI Empowering voice assistants with TinyML for user-centric innovations and
   real-world applications
AU Chittepu S; Martha S; Banik D
TC 1
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB This study explores the motivations behind integrating TinyML-based voice
   assistants into daily life, focusing on enhancing their user interface (UI)
   and functionality to improve user experience.  This research discusses real-
   world applications like smart home automation, visually impaired assistive
   technologies, and healthcare monitoring.  This review acknowledges various
   problems and helps us understand why TinyML exerts such significant
   implications in numerous domains.  Researchers derive solutions from this
   study on how voice assistants integrated with TinyML can effectively analyze
   and adjust to user behaviour patterns in real-world scenarios, thereby
   enabling the delivery of dynamic and responsive content to enhance user
   engagement.  The article also focused on limitations while implementing
   TinyML. Researchers will understand the detailed issues that are unavailable
   in most papers.  This work explores features that can be embedded in voice
   assistants, like smart home automation, smart watches, smart glasses for
   visually impaired people, etc., using TinyML. A comparative review of
   current methods identifies areas of research gaps such as deployment
   difficulties, noise interference, and model efficiency on low-resource
   devices.  From this study, researchers can directly identify the research
   gap with minimal effort, which may motivate them to focus more on solving
   the open problems due to optimize the problem identification time.  © The
   Author(s) 2025.
DE deep learning; tinyml; trending technologies; voice assistant
ID automation; humans; self-help devices; user-computer interface; voice;
   automation; computer interface; human; self-help device; voice

---

UT 179
AR Hasanpour MA, 2025, J SYST ARCH, V167, DOI 10.1016/j.sysarc.2025.103488
TI EdgeMark: An automation and benchmarking system for embedded artificial
   intelligence tools
AU Hasanpour MA; Kirkegaard M; Fafoutis X
TC 1
SO J SYST ARCH
PY 2025
AB The integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into embedded devices, a
   paradigm known as embedded artificial intelligence (eAI) or tiny machine
   learning (TinyML), is transforming industries by enabling intelligent data
   processing at the edge.  However, the many tools available in this domain
   leave researchers and developers wondering which one is best suited to their
   needs.  This paper provides a review of existing eAI tools, highlighting
   their features, trade-offs, and limitations.  Additionally, we introduce
   EdgeMark, an open-source automation system designed to streamline the
   workflow for deploying and benchmarking machine learning (ML) models on
   embedded platforms.  EdgeMark simplifies model generation, optimization,
   conversion, and deployment while promoting modularity, reproducibility, and
   scalability.  Experimental benchmarking results showcase the performance of
   widely used eAI tools, including TensorFlow Lite Micro (TFLM), Edge Impulse,
   Ekkono, and Renesas eAI Translator, across a wide range of models, revealing
   insights into their relative strengths and weaknesses.  The findings provide
   guidance for researchers and developers in selecting the most suitable tools
   for specific application requirements, while EdgeMark lowers the barriers to
   adoption of eAI technologies.  © 2025 The Authors
DE automation; benchmarking; embedded ai; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   tinyml
ID economic and social effects; embedded systems; learning systems; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; open systems; artificial intelligence tools;
   automation systems; benchmarking system; embedded artificial intelligence;
   embedded device; intelligent data processing; machine learning; tiny machine
   learning; trade off; automation; benchmarking

---

UT 191
AR Borgianni L, 2025, SMART SYST INTEGR CONF EXHIB SSI, DOI
   10.1109/SSI65953.2025.11107204
TI Towards a made-in-Europe ecosystem for multisport training, healthy
   lifestyle and remote patient monitoring based on cloud-edge continuum of AI-
   featured body sensors
AU Borgianni L; Ottella M; Heer R; Montiel-Nelson J; Pau DP; Proietti R;
   Schotter J; Tarvainen M
TC 1
SO SMART SYST INTEGR CONF EXHIB SSI
PY 2025
AB In the contemporary landscape of healthcare and fitness, the integration of
   advanced technological solutions is imperative to address the challenges
   posed by an ageing society and the increasing demand for personalized,
   adaptable training programs.  This paper delineates the development and
   potential of a made-in-Europe ecosystem for multisport training, healthy
   lifestyle, and remote patient monitoring, leveraging the innovative synergy
   of cloud-edge continuum and AI-enhanced body sensors.  The research
   highlights the critical role of wearable sensors, smart textiles, and TinyML
   technologies in transforming the accessibility and effectiveness of fitness
   programs and patient care.  Through the deployment of edge computing and SD-
   WAN, the paper illustrates the seamless integration of real-time data
   processing, ensuring low latency and high reliability in data transmission.
   The exploration of heart rate variability (HRV) and breath sensing as tools
   for personalized training and recovery optimization in endurance sports
   further exemplifies the application of this integrated approach.
   Additionally, the challenges and solutions for real-time in-water
   transmission underscore the potential in aquatic sports monitoring.  The
   paper also presents the advancements in smart textiles, integrating hybrid
   printed electronics for enhanced user comfort and functionality.
   Furthermore, the utilization of TinyML and forward learning in human
   activity recognition demonstrates the capability for real-time, adaptive
   analytics in sports and healthcare.  This comprehensive ecosystem not only
   promises to revolutionize multisport training and health monitoring but also
   aims to reduce healthcare costs and improve the quality of life, marking a
   significant stride towards a holistic, technologically advanced approach in
   promoting health and fitness across Europe.  ©2025 IEEE.
DE fitness; forward-learning; healthcare; hearth rate variability; sd-wan;
   smart-textiles; tinyml; wearable sensors
ID data integration; edge computing; remote patient monitoring; sports;
   wearable sensors; body sensors; fitness; forward-learning; healthcare;
   healthy lifestyles; hearth rate variability; real- time; sd-wan;
   technological solution; tinyml; healthcare; smart-textiles

---

UT 197
AR Lin C-T, 2025, EUR SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF, P317, DOI
   10.1109/ESSERC66193.2025.11214062
TI EPIC: A Sub-6mW in-Memory Computing-Based RISC-V Microcontroller Unit with
   on-Chip Training Support for TinyML
AU Lin C-T; Moon S; Huang PX; Seok M
TC 1
SO EUR SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF
PY 2025
AB We present EPIC, a sub-6mW digital in-mEmory comPutIng-based RISC-V
   microController unit.  We create the hardware and software systems with the
   optimized dataflow for both inference and training.  EPIC supports the
   industrial software development framework based on the GCC compiler for
   RISC-V IM32 and TensorFlowLite-micro.  The hardware and software systems can
   support any near-arbitrary deep neural network model having as large as
   340,000 parameters.  EPIC is prototyped in 28-nm CMOS, achieving 4 - 22 ×
   improvement in the energy-delay product over the prior best neural
   accelerator in all the MLPerf-Tiny benchmark suites.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE accelerator; deep learning; in-memory computing ( imc ); microcontroller
   unit ( mcu ); risc-v; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID computer hardware; deep neural networks; intelligent systems; learning
   systems; program compilers; software design; deep learning; hardware and
   software; hardware system; in-memory computing; machine learning;
   microcontroller unit; risc-v; software-systems; tiny machine learning;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 198
AR Yousef Shalby HH, 2025, IEEE SYMP COMPUT INTELL ENG/CYBER PHYS SYST
   COMPANION CIES COMPANION, DOI 10.1109/CIESCompanion65073.2025.11010905
TI On-Sensor Convolutional Neural Networks with Early-Exits
AU Yousef Shalby HH; De Vecchi A; Scandelli A; Bartoli P; Trojaniello D; Roveri
   M; Villa F
TC 1
SO IEEE SYMP COMPUT INTELL ENG/CYBER PHYS SYST COMPANION CIES COMPANION
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a novel research field aiming at
   integrating Machine Learning (ML) within embedded devices with limited
   memory, computation, and energy.  Recently, a new branch of TinyML has
   emerged, focusing on integrating ML directly into the sensors to further
   reduce the power consumption of embedded devices.  Interestingly, despite
   their state-of-the-art performance in many tasks, none of the current
   solutions in the literature aims to optimize the implementation of
   Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) operating directly into sensors.  In
   this paper, we introduce for the first time in the literature the optimized
   design and implementation of Depth-First CNNs operating on the Intelligent
   Sensor Processing Unit (ISPU) within an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) by
   STMicroelectronics.  Our approach partitions the CNN between the ISPU and
   the microcontroller (MCU) and employs an Early-Exit mechanism to stop the
   computations on the IMU when enough confidence about the results is
   achieved, hence significantly reducing power consumption.  When using a
   NUCLEO-F411RE board, this solution achieved an average current consumption
   of 4.8 mA, marking an 11% reduction compared to the regular inference
   pipeline on the MCU, while having equal accuracy.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE depth-first convolutional neural networks; smart sensors; tinyml
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; electric power utilization;
   learning systems; machine learning; microelectronics; convolutional neural
   network; depth-first; depth-first convolutional neural network; embedded
   device; integrating machines; intelligent sensors; machine learning;
   processing units; sensor processing; tiny machine learning; smart sensors

---

UT 213
AR Axenie C, 2025, NEUROMORPHIC COMPUT ENG, V5, DOI 10.1088/2634-4386/adcbcb
TI Edge neuro-statistical learning for event-based visual motion detection and
   tracking in roadside safety systems
AU Axenie C; Halilov E; Main J; Weiss D
TC 1
SO NEUROMORPHIC COMPUT ENG
PY 2025
AB The Vision Zero Program’s purpose is to reduce traffic-related fatalities
   and serious injuries while promoting equitable, safe, and healthy mobility
   for all.  Ultimately, the challenge is to detect pedestrians during the day
   and especially at night to implement safety measures.  The current study
   introduces an award-winning low-power solution employing neuromorphic visual
   sensing and hybrid neuro-statistical processing developed by the Technische
   Hochschule Nürnberg team for the TinyML Vision Zero San Jose Competition.
   The solution proposes a novel neuromorphic edge fusion of spiking neural
   networks and event-based expectation maximization for the detection and
   tracking of pedestrians and bicyclists.  We provide a deployment-ready
   evaluation of the detection performance along with robustness, energy
   footprint, and weatherization while emphasizing the advantages of the neuro-
   statistical edge solution and its city-level scaling capabilities.  © 2025
   The Author(s). Published by IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE event-based vision; neuromorphic systems; roadside safety; tinyml

---

UT 220
AR Vu CC, 2025, MATER DES, V254, DOI 10.1016/j.matdes.2025.114084
TI Flexible pressure sensors based on weft–knitted fabrics for real–time body
   signal monitoring applications with integrated tiny convolutional neural
   networks
AU Vu CC; Nguyen TN
TC 1
SO MATER DES
PY 2025
AB In contemporary society, balancing demanding work schedules with personal
   health care has become increasingly challenging, often resulting in
   considerable psychological stress.  Consequently, personal health monitoring
   models have emerged as a viable solution and have gained significant
   traction in recent years.  These models are widely regarded as suitable
   approaches for addressing the complexities of modern life.  Systems
   comprising compact, wearable sensor components integrated with artificial
   intelligence represent a promising research direction that continues to
   attract substantial attention from both scientific communities and startup
   enterprises.  Aligned with this development, we propose an integrated system
   that combines soft, flexible sensors with embedded artificial intelligence
   for real-time monitoring of vital physiological parameters.  The system
   incorporates flexible pressure sensors designed to capture respiratory
   pressure from the chest as well as movements of the pharyngeal region.
   These sensors are primarily fabricated using conductive weft–knitted fabric
   and flexible printed circuit boards, which enhance their sensitivity,
   accuracy, and user comfort, while mitigating the discomfort often associated
   with conventional rigid sensors.  Collected signals are processed through an
   embedded convolutional neural network (CNN) model capable of monitoring
   bodily conditions and accurately classifying various physiological
   movements.  The proposed sensors exhibit a high sensitivity of approximately
   0.16 kPa−1 and a rapid response time of around 75 ms.  Experimental results
   demonstrate that the tinyCNN model achieves classification accuracies of up
   to 95.2 % for respiratory signals from the chest and 88.9 % for movement
   signals from the pharynx in real–time conditions.  This research is
   anticipated to contribute significantly to the field of personalized
   healthcare by advancing the development of intelligent and flexible sensing
   systems.  Furthermore, the simplicity of the fabrication process enhances
   the potential for widespread adoption, making the proposed system a valuable
   and accessible reference for future wearable health monitoring technologies.
   © 2025 The Authors
DE e-healthcare; fabric pressure sensors; flexible electronic components; real-
   time movement monitoring; tiny machine learning
ID brain; ehealth; flexible electronics; patient treatment; sensory perception;
   e-healthcare; electronic component; fabric pressure sensor; flexible
   electronic component; flexible pressure sensors; machine learning; movement
   monitoring; real- time; real-time movement monitoring; tiny machine
   learning; knit fabrics

---

UT 223
AR Sousa L, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2318 CCIS, P194, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-9793-6_14
TI Enhancing Automotive Products with TinyML and MEMS Sensors: A Preliminary
   Approach
AU Sousa L; Silva R; Peixoto H; Melo-Pinto P; Costa A; Melo C; Delgado P;
   Fukuda V; Machado J
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) research field has seen exponential
   growth in recent years, mostly due to advances in the usage of IoT devices
   and microcontrollers.  Despite major challenges related to hardware
   constraints, TinyML has been expanding the scope of applications in several
   domains, with the automotive industry taking special interest in these
   models for their potential to enhance existing Advanced Driver Assistance
   Systems (ADAS). ADAS have a vast array of sensors that produce huge
   quantities of quality data, that can in turn be used to solve different
   perception tasks.  In this work, we present an architecture based on TinyML
   and Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) sensors to accurately classify
   different handling and misuse cases on a test car.  After showcasing the
   experimental setup for data capture, with a description of sensor placing
   along the car and wheels, we propose a methodology to guarantee accurate
   labelling of the datasets, as well as our preliminary approach to the
   classification model.  The Random Forests classifier, implemented alongside
   Principal Component Analysis (PCA) to reduce the dimensionality of the
   dataset and Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE) algorithm to
   address class imbalance, shows promising results with a global accuracy of
   0.938 and F1-Score values ranging between 0.65 and 0.99. Having shown the
   potential of this methodology, future steps to improve performance and
   computational cost are discussed, as well as new use cases to further
   enhance ADAS capabilities.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE automotive industry; inertial measurement unit; microelectromechanical
   systems; principal component analysis; random forests; tinyml
ID advanced driver assistance systems; automobile hardware; automotive
   industry; image segmentation; microchannels; network security; recommender
   systems; advanced driver assistances; automotives; driver assistance
   systems; inertial measurements units; machine learning;
   microelectromechanical; microelectromechanical system sensors; principal
   component analysis; random forests; tiny machine learning; principal
   component analysis

---

UT 224
AR Tao X, 2025, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK PERCOM WORK, P558,
   DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops65533.2025.00127
TI ICrop+: An Edge-boosted Crop Disease Detection System via TinyML and LoRa
   Communication
AU Tao X; Butcher J; Silvestri S; Das SK
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK PERCOM WORK
PY 2025
AB Crop disease detection is essential for controlling dis-ease spread and
   minimizing agricultural losses.  In this demo, we present an implementation
   of iCrop+, an end-to-end autonomous crop disease detection system that
   integrates on-device AI, low-power long-range communication (LoRa), and
   server-based deep learning to create a hybrid architecture suitable for
   real-world deployment.  The prototype efficiently balances local processing
   and remote inference through category-based optimization, adaptive
   classification, and intelligent data transmission, ensuring that only the
   most informative segments are transmitted to the server.  Built on low-cost
   devices such as Raspberry Pi, LoRa transceiver modules, and a laptop, the
   demo showcases its potential for enhancing precision agriculture
   applications, providing a scalable, cost-effective solution for large-scale
   crop monitoring.  The validation results show that iCrop+ provides 90%
   classification accuracy while reducing data transmission by up to 60% over
   server-only inference solutions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE crop disease detection; lora; on-device ai; precision agriculture
ID cost effectiveness; crops; data handling; deep learning; learning systems;
   smart agriculture; crop disease; crop disease detection; data-transmission;
   detection system; disease detection; end to end; long-range communications;
   low power; on-device ai; precision agriculture; precision agriculture

---

UT 230
AR Bartoli P, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11228997
TI Benchmarking Energy and Latency in TinyML: A Novel Method for Resource-
   Constrained AI
AU Bartoli P; Veronesi C; Giudici A; Siorpaes D; Trojaniello D; Zappa F
TC 1
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB The rise of IoT has increased the need for on-edge machine learning, with
   tinyML emerging as a promising solution for resource-constrained devices
   such as Microcontroller Units (MCUs). However, benchmarking their energy
   efficiency, latency, and computational capabilities remains challenging due
   to diverse architectures and application scenarios.  Current solutions, such
   as MLCommons' 'TinyML Perf: Inference' method, have limitations, including
   the need for separate setups for latency, accuracy, and energy measurements,
   as well as reliance on energy monitors that power the device, reducing
   flexibility.  Moreover, the absence of a clear distinction between inference
   and ancillary operations can compromise the accuracy of performance
   estimations.  This work introduces an alternative benchmarking methodology
   that integrates energy and latency measurements while distinguishing three
   execution phases - pre-inference, inference, and post-inference - to enable
   precise profiling.  A dual-trigger approach is used to separate these
   phases, ensuring accurate and repeatable measurements.  Additionally, the
   setup ensures that the device operates without being powered by an external
   measurement unit, while automated testing can be leveraged to enhance
   statistical significance.  To evaluate our setup, we tested the STM32N6 MCU,
   which includes a Neural Processing Unit (NPU) for executing convolutional
   neural networks.  Two configurations were considered: one running at maximum
   performance with the highest clock frequencies and core voltage, and another
   with reduced settings.  The variation of the Energy Delay Product (EDP) was
   analyzed separately for each phase, providing insights into the impact of
   hardware configurations on energy efficiency.  Each MLPerf model was tested
   1000 times to ensure statistically relevant results.  Our findings
   demonstrate that reducing the core voltage and clock frequency improves the
   efficiency of pre- and post-processing without significantly affecting
   network execution performance.  This approach can also be used for cross-
   platform comparisons to determine the most efficient inference platform and
   to quantify how pre- and post-processing overhead varies across different
   hardware implementations.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE benchmarking; microcontroller; neural-processing unit; tinyml
ID clocks; computational efficiency; computer hardware; convolutional neural
   networks; electric power measurement; energy efficiency; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; program processors; clock frequency; core voltages;
   energy; microcontroller unit; neural-processing unit; neural-processing;
   post-processing; pre-processing; processing units; tinyml; benchmarking

---

UT 234
AR Goswami B, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V17, P204, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2024.3496508
TI Investigation of Security Vulnerabilities in NVM-Based Persistent TinyML
   Hardware
AU Goswami B; Moorthii CJ; Bansal H; Sajwan A; Suri M
TC 1
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB This study investigates vulnerabilities of future generation nonvolatile
   memory (NVM)-backed persistent TinyML hardware neural networks to side-
   channel attacks (SCAs) using electromagnetic (EM) analysis methods.  We
   trained three different tinyML models: MobileNet, ResNet, and EfficientNet
   on three different standard datasets: F-MNIST, CIFAR-10, and MNIST. The
   trained networks were then mapped on to a custom FPGA-NVM setup for EM-SCA
   evaluation.  We demonstrate that the information about the stored model
   parameters/weights can be extracted by applying statistical methods on the
   collected EM emanation data.  Further, we demonstrate that the obtained
   model parametric information can be used for cloning some of the lightweight
   edge TinyML models with only 0.5%–10% of total training dataset.  ©
   2009-2012 IEEE.
DE edge ai; fram; hardware neural network ( nn ); hardware security;
   nonvolatile memory ( nvm ); side channel attack ( sca ); tinyml
ID hardware security; nonvolatile storage; analysis method; edge ai;
   electromagnetic analysis; electromagnetics; future generations; hardware
   neural networks; nonvolatile memory; security vulnerabilities; side channel
   attacks; tinyml; side channel attack

---

UT 241
AR Yahyati C, 2025, PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA, DOI
   10.1109/ICESA66763.2025.11281241
TI TinyML-IoE: A Unified Architecture for Integrating TinyML into the Internet
   of Everythings
AU Yahyati C; Lamaakal I; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y; Ouahbi I
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and the Internet of Everything (IoE) are two
   growing technologies shaping the future of connected systems.  While IoE
   connects people, data, things, and processes, TinyML brings intelligence to
   the edge with ultra-low power ML. To the best of our knowledge, this is the
   first work to deeply investigate the integration of TinyML and IoE as a
   unified system.  Our goal is to open new directions for smart and scalable
   systems powered by edge intelligence.  In this paper, we explore how TinyML
   can be integrated into IoE systems.  We present a full architecture for this
   integration and show how it enables fast, private, and low-power decision-
   making at the edge.  We discuss real-world applications in health, industry,
   smart cities, and more.  We also highlight key research needs to improve
   performance, adaptability, and security in future TinyML-IoE environments.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; internet of everythings; internet of things; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; computer architecture; decision making; internet of
   everything; learning systems; connected systems; edge ai; edge intelligence;
   machine learning; scalable systems; smart system; tiny machine learning;
   ultra-low power; unified architecture; unified system; internet of things

---

UT 248
AR Li M, 2025, IEEE ANNU WORLD AI IOT CONGR AIIOT, P677, DOI
   10.1109/AIIoT65859.2025.11105231
TI Cognitive IoT and Edge Computing for Intrusion Detection with Federated
   TinyML
AU Li M; Laiu P; Nichols JA; Huettel M; Sikkema I; Mathur M; Hollifield S;
   Hankins M
TC 1
SO IEEE ANNU WORLD AI IOT CONGR AIIOT
PY 2025
AB Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Computing (EC) are rapidly becoming an
   integral part of the modern society.  By 2030, there is estimated to be over
   40 billion active and connected IoT devices [1]. This rapid progress also
   comes with a significant implication on cybersecurity.  Back-end
   infrastructure and systems have a much broader attack than they did
   previously due to vulnerable IoT/EC devices being connected to wireless
   networks.  This expanding attack surface is a growing concern because IoT/EC
   are increasingly being used in critical systems such as power grids, health
   care, and smart homes.  To effectively address a problem of this scale,
   cognitive cyber methods-which can autonomously detect and react to cyber
   attacks as they develop-are needed.  To address this, we bring Artificial
   Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to IoT/EC devices, using tinyML
   to monitor voluminous IoT data against cyber threats, and using Federated
   Learning (FL) to share local detection knowledge across the system while
   preserving privacy.  We propose a novel three-layer architecture: (1) an IoT
   layer for tinyML-based inference, (2) an edge layer for ML model training,
   and (3) a cloud layer for FL operations.  Using the publicly available
   11-class N-BaIoT dataset [2], we demonstrate that this architecture
   mitigates resource constraints at the IoT layer while improving detection
   accuracy over standard two-layer designs.  An outlier-resistant scaler,
   feature reduction, and quantization enable the tinyML model to maintain
   detection accuracy with a reduced model size.  Additionally, federated
   learning that only utilizes the intersection (across heterogenous devices)
   of the reduced feature set achieves superior detection accuracy compared to
   locally trained models.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cognitive cyber; federated learning; iot intrusion detection; iot security
   architecture; tinyml
ID architecture; cognitive systems; computer architecture; computer crime;
   cybersecurity; data privacy; edge computing; learning systems; network
   intrusion; network security; cognitive cybe; cognitive internets; computing
   devices; detection accuracy; edge computing; internet of thing intrusion
   detection; internet of thing security architecture; intrusion detection;
   security architecture; tinyml; internet of things; intrusion detection

---

UT 250
AR Garavagno AM, 2025, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE63647.2025.10929801
TI On-Device Neural Architecture Search
AU Garavagno AM; Ragusa E/1; Gastaldo P; Frisoli A; Loconsole C
TC 1
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a new approach to near-sensor computing, in which a
   lightweight Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is performed directly on the
   deployment device to find the best tiny neural architecture for analyzing
   the real-time data acquired through sensors.  This new adaptation capability
   can be particularly useful in the case of human-machine interfaces for which
   the neural network analyzing the biometrical data can be re-designed each
   time the user changes, after a guided data collection procedure, fighting
   the typical data variations between individuals on a new level.  To
   implement the proposed approach a new NAS has been designed and then
   validated on the Italian Sign Language dataset (ISL), a collection of
   surface electromyography (sEMG) signals of the signs of the Italian
   alphabet, using several embedded systems.  Moreover, further validation on
   the Case Western Reserve University dataset (CWRU), a benchmark for
   intelligent fault diagnosis, is presented to suggest another possible
   application of the proposed approach.  When run on a Raspberry Pi 4, the
   proposed NAS performs beyond the state of the art proposing a tiny neural
   architecture having 0.63 times less RAM occupancy and 5.96 percentage points
   of more accuracy in the case of the ISL dataset; and 0.44 times less RAM
   occupancy and 0.2 percentage points of more accuracy in the case of the CWRU
   dataset.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE human machine interfaces; intelligent fault diagnosis; neural architecture
   search; tinyml
ID case western reserve university; human machine interface; intelligent fault
   diagnosis; neural architecture search; neural architectures; new approaches;
   percentage points; sensor computing; sign language; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 252
AR Munjal C, 2025, IEEE APPL SENS CONF APSCON, P215, DOI
   10.1109/APSCON63569.2025.11144277
TI Continuous Freezing of Gait Detection With TinyML on Embedded Systems
AU Munjal C; Galinari PEA; Peters J; Raatz A; Maji S
TC 1
SO IEEE APPL SENS CONF APSCON
PY 2025
AB This paper presents the deployment of quantized Freezing of Gait (FOG)
   detection models on resource-constrained devices like the Arduino Nano BLE
   33. Conventional machine learning (ML) models tend to be too large and
   computationally intensive for real-time, on-device use, often overlooking
   critical factors like inference time and power consumption.  In contrast,
   our approach employs a dense neural network (DNN) quantized from float32 to
   int8 post training, reducing the model size to 15-20 kB while maintaining
   high accuracy and computational efficiency.  The integration of multi-modal
   sensor data, such as, acceleration (ACC), electromyography (EMG), and skin
   conductance (SC) is important, as it helps identify which features most
   effectively contribute to accurate FOG detection while optimizing power and
   inference time.  This work demonstrates that the model combining 36 features
   slightly increases inference time by 0.6 ms compared to the same model with
   only 6 features, but improves detection accuracy (89%), sensitivity (88%),
   specificity (89%), F1 score (88%), and AUC (0.94). The model's power
   consumption stands at 5 mA during inference, making it highly efficient for
   long-term use.  Minimizing inference time is critical for wearables, as it
   directly impacts power consumption during each cycle, allowing for more
   efficient duty cycling and extended battery life.  By quantizing the model
   and examining trade-offs between feature richness, inference time, and power
   usage, we demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach for real-time, low-
   power FOG detection on wearable devices, making it a practical solution for
   continuous health monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE freezing of gait; model inference time and edge computing; parkinson
   disease; tiny machine learning
ID computational efficiency; edge computing; electric power utilization;
   embedded systems; energy efficiency; fog; freezing; learning systems;
   machine learning; neural networks; neurodegenerative diseases; wearable
   computers; wearable sensors; edge computing; freezing of gaits; gait
   detection; machine learning; model inference; model inference time and edge
   computing; parkinson disease; power; real- time; tiny machine learning;
   economic and social effects

---

UT 263
AR Da Silva RSCC, 2025, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA, DOI
   10.1109/ETFA65518.2025.11205590
TI Edge-AI Framework for Fire Detection in Wildland-Urban Interface using
   TinyML
AU Da Silva RSCC; Bittencourt JCN/1; Costa DG
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2025
AB Wildfires in the Wildland-Urban Interface (WUI) pose a significant threat to
   public safety and property, indicating the need for advanced early detection
   systems that are not only cost-effective and low-maintenance but also
   capable of operating in remote locations.  This study addresses this need by
   developing an embedded wildfire detection system optimized for the WUI,
   using Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models deployed on resource-
   constrained hardware.  The approach involves building a balanced image
   dataset encompassing diverse wildfire scenarios, training and evaluating
   multiple CNN models on this dataset, in order to select the most effective
   model that adheres to the memory constraints of an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
   platform.  The models were tested and compared using metrics such as global
   accuracy, true positive accuracy, the area under the ROC curve (AUC-ROC),
   and inference time.  The MobileNetV2 model was selected, achieving a global
   accuracy of 91.4% and an AUC-ROC of 0.93 while maintaining an inference time
   of 992 ms.  Additionally, a custom enclosure was designed to protect the
   hardware from environmental factors, thereby ensuring its functionality and
   durability in real-world deployment scenarios.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cnn; edge computing; image classification; machine learning; tinyml;
   wildfire detection
ID artificial intelligence; computer hardware; cost effectiveness; edge
   computing; edge detection; fire detectors; fires; learning systems; remote
   sensing; convolutional neural network; edge computing; fire detection;
   images classification; machine learning; neural network model; public
   safety; tinyml; wildfire detection; wildland urban interface; image
   classification

---

UT 270
AR Kargar A, 2025, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS, DOI
   10.1109/SAS65169.2025.11105109
TI Concept Drift Mitigation on Resource-Constrained IoT Devices via Self-
   Learning
AU Kargar A; Zorbas D; Gaffney M; O'Flynn B; Tedesco S
TC 1
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS
PY 2025
AB Real-world deployments of Internet of Things (IoT) sensing systems equipped
   with artificial intelligence (AI) models generally experience a reduction in
   accuracy over time due to concept drift and data shift.  To overcome this
   issue, it is suggested to periodically retrain the embedded AI model using
   new incoming data.  However, this requires powerful processing hardware and
   labelled data, which are not generally available on IoT edge-based devices
   deployed in the real-world.  In this study, we propose a method that
   benefits from a Deep Learning (DL) model for feature extraction and K-Means
   clustering for classification.  The K-Means clustering technique can use the
   new incoming unlabeled data to update the model, thus helping the system to
   adapt to any changes that might occur in the new data.  The proposed method
   is evaluated on two image datasets: the first is a public dataset with
   artificially added concept drift, and the second is a real-world dataset
   that suffers from concept drift issues.  This is a lightweight model with
   only 610 KB of size and 608 KB of peak memory, which needs less than 0.6 s
   to perform and lower than 0.7 J to analyse each sample and update the model.
   Therefore, the method could easily be stored and executed on resource-
   constrained microcontroller-based (MCU-based) devices to deal with concept
   drift.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE concept drift; continual learning; edge ai; microcontroller; on-device
   learning; tinyml
ID deep learning; internet of things; k-means clustering; learning systems; %
   reductions; concept drifts; continual learning; edge artificial
   intelligence; intelligence models; on-device learning; real-world
   deployment; self-learning; sensing systems; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 275
AR Nahon R/1, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2133 CCIS, P401, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-74630-7_28
TI Mental State Classification Using EEG Signals: Ethics, Law and Challenges
AU Nahon R/1; Bagheri N; Varni G; Tartaglione E; Nguyen V-T
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The widespread adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) in various domains
   has sparked concerns regarding privacy, security, transparency, fairness,
   reliability, and ethics.  The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR),
   implemented in 2018, has established crucial guidelines for data privacy and
   protection.  Meanwhile, the AI Act, passed by the European Parliament in
   2023, has been proposed to address the risks of specific uses of AI.
   However, the implications of these regulations for AI models, particularly
   in the context of mental state classification tasks, remain uncertain due to
   the inherent black-box nature of certain models.  This paper delves into the
   specific challenges and risks associated with the development of EEG-
   (Electroencephalography) and AI-based systems for mental state
   classification, taking into account the principles outlined by the GDPR and
   the AI Act.  This research sheds light on the challenges and
   responsibilities entailed in developing AI models for mental state
   classification while ensuring compliance with GDPR guidelines as well as the
   AI Act.  It underscores the importance of adopting ethical and privacy-aware
   approaches within this critical domain and promotes the development of
   techniques that strike a balance between AI advancements and the protection
   of individual privacy.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE ai act; eeg; gdpr; mental state classification; tinyml
ID ethical aspects; laws and legislation; artificial intelligence act;
   classification tasks; eeg signals; european parliament; general data
   protection regulations; intelligence models; mental state; mental state
   classification; state classification; tinyml; differential privacy

---

UT 277
AR Cui S, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.636
TI Context-Aware TinyML Model for Korean Handwriting Recognition Under Online
   Assisted Learning Scenes
AU Cui S
TC 1
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Optical character recognition (OCR) based on wearable devices plays an
   important role in online learning.  Although the existing convolutional
   recurrent neural network (CRNN) has achieved great success in the task of
   optical character recognition (OCR), this model cannot fully achieve global
   contextual information modeling.  With the development of artificial
   intelligence IoT (AIoT) technology, existing deep models are difficult to
   deploy on resource-constrained mobile devices.  Therefore, this article
   proposes an effective context-aware TinyML model for Korean handwriting
   recognition.  Specifically, we effectively improve the global context
   modeling capability by embedding the Mamba layer in CRNN with linear
   computational complexity.  In addition, we achieved model compression by
   introducing a distillation mechanism based on a multi-layer joint
   distillation mechanism.  A large number of experimental results on two
   publicly available datasets of Korean characters show that our proposed
   model achieves a higher performance.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE aiot; contextual information; distillation mechanism; korean handwriting
   recognition; mamba; optical character recognition
ID convolutional neural networks; optical character recognition; artificial
   intelligence iot; context-aware; contextual information; distillation
   mechanism; handwriting recognition; korean handwriting recognition; mamba;
   neural networks; optical-; wearable devices; recurrent neural networks

---

UT 278
AR Saglam G, 2025, PROC ASIA SOUTH PAC DES AUTOM CONF, P30, DOI
   10.1145/3658617.3697634
TI Sequential Printed Multilayer Perceptron Circuits for Super-TinyML Multi-
   Sensory Applications
AU Saglam G; Afentaki F; Zervakis G; Tahoori M
TC 1
SO PROC ASIA SOUTH PAC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2025
AB Super-TinyML aims to optimize machine learning models for deployment on
   ultra-low-power application domains such as wearable technologies and
   implants.  Such domains also require conformality, flexibility, and non-
   toxicity which traditional silicon-based systems cannot fulfill.  Printed
   Electronics (PE) offers not only these characteristics, but also cost-
   effective and on-demand fabrication.  However, Neural Networks (NN) with
   hundreds of features - -often necessary for target applications - - have not
   been feasible in PE because of its restrictions such as limited device count
   due to its large feature sizes.  In contrast to the state of the art using
   fully parallel architectures and limited to smaller classifiers, in this
   work we implement a super-TinyML architecture for bespoke (application-
   specific) NNs that surpasses the previous limits of state of the art and
   enables NNs with large number of parameters.  With the introduction of
   super-TinyML into PE technology, we address the area and power limitations
   through resource sharing with multi-cycle operation and neuron
   approximation.  This enables, for the first time, the implementation of NNs
   with up to 35.9× more features and 65.4× more coefficients than the state of
   the art solutions.  © 2025 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
   Inc.. All rights reserved.
DE approximate computing; electrolyte-gated fet; multilayer perceptron; printed
   electronics; super-tinyml; tinyml
ID application specific integrated circuits; junction gate field effect
   transistors; low power electronics; medical education; multilayer neural
   networks; neurons; wearable computers; approximate computing; electrolyte-
   gated fet; machine learning models; multisensory; multilayers perceptrons;
   printed electronics; state of the art; super-tinyml; tinyml; ultra-low power
   application; parallel architectures

---

UT 288
AR Sanchez Leal I, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P186488, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3627072
TI Quantization Compensator Network: Server-Side Feature Reconstruction in
   Partitioned IoT Systems
AU Sanchez Leal I; Artur Bernd Berg O; Krug S; Saqib E; Shallari I; Jantsch A;
   O'Nils M; Nordstrom T
TC 1
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB With the growing number of IoT devices generating data at the edge, there is
   a rising demand to run machine learning (ML) models directly on these
   resource-constrained nodes.  To overcome hardware limitations, a common
   approach is to partition the model between the node and a more capable edge
   or cloud server.  However, this introduces a communication bottleneck,
   especially for transmitting intermediate feature maps.  Extreme
   quantization, such as 1-bit quantization, drastically reduces communication
   cost but causes significant accuracy degradation.  Existing solutions like
   full-model retraining offer limited recovery, while methods such as
   autoencoders shift computational burden to the IoT node.  In this work, we
   propose Quantization Compensator Network (QCNet)—a lightweight, server-side
   module that reconstructs high-fidelity feature maps directly from 1-bit
   quantized data.  QCNet is used alongside fine-tuning of the server-side
   model and introduces no additional computation on the IoT node.  We evaluate
   QCNet across diverse vision models (ResNet50, ViT-B/16, ConvNeXt Tiny, and
   YOLOv3 Tiny) and tasks (classification, detection), showing that it
   consistently outperforms standard dequantization, autoencoder-based, and
   Quantization-Aware Training (QAT) approaches.  Remarkably, QCNet achieves
   accuracy close to—or even surpassing—that of the original unpartitioned
   models, while maintaining a favorable accuracy–latency trade-off.  QCNet
   offers a practical and efficient solution for enabling accurate distributed
   intelligence on communication- and compute-limited IoT platforms.  © 2013
   IEEE.
DE 1-bit quantization; accuracy recovery; deep learning; deep vision; edge
   computing; feature map reconstruction; internet of things ( iot ); qcnets;
   quantization compensation networks; server-side reconstruction; system
   partitioning; tinyml
ID computer system recovery; computer vision; deep learning; edge computing;
   internet of things; learning systems; 1-bit quantization; accuracy recovery;
   compensation network; deep learning; deep vision; edge computing; feature
   map; feature map reconstruction; internet of thing; machine learning; map
   reconstruction; qcnet; quantization; quantization compensation network;
   server sides; server-side reconstruction; system partitioning; tiny machine
   learning; economic and social effects

---

UT 299
AR Donskoy D, 2025, DIGIT, V5, DOI 10.3390/digital5040048
TI TinyML Classification for Agriculture Objects with ESP32
AU Donskoy D; Gvindjiliya V; Ivliev E
TC 1
SO DIGIT
PY 2025
AB Using systems with machine learning technologies for process automation is a
   global trend in agriculture.  However, implementing this technology comes
   with challenges, such as the need for a large amount of computing resources
   under conditions of limited energy consumption and the high cost of hardware
   for intelligent systems.  This article presents the possibility of applying
   a modern ESP32 microcontroller platform in the agro-industrial sector to
   create intelligent devices based on the Internet of Things.  CNN models are
   implemented based on the TensorFlow architecture in hardware and software
   solutions based on the ESP32 microcontroller from Espressif company to
   classify objects in crop fields.  The purpose of this work is to create a
   hardware–software complex for local energy-efficient classification of
   images with support for IoT protocols.  The results of this research allow
   for the automatic classification of field surfaces with the presence of
   “high attention” and optimal growth zones.  This article shows that
   classification accuracy exceeding 87% can be achieved in small, energy-
   efficient systems, even for low-resolution images, depending on the CNN
   architecture and its quantization algorithm.  The application of such
   technologies and methods of their optimization for energy-efficient devices,
   such as ESP32, will allow us to create an Intelligent Internet of Things
   network.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE agroengineering; machine learning; microcontroller; weed monitoring
ID agricultural machinery; classification ( of information ); computer
   hardware; crops; green computing; image classification; intelligent systems;
   internet of things; learning systems; machine learning; network
   architecture; smart agriculture; smart devices; vector quantization;
   agroengineering; computing resource; condition; energy efficient; global
   trends; large amounts; machine learning technology; machine learning;
   process automation; weed monitoring; microcontrollers

---

UT 304
AR MacHetti S, 2025, PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI, DOI
   10.1109/ISVLSI65124.2025.11130281
TI X-HEEP: An Open-Source, Configurable and Extendible RISC-V Platform for
   TinyAI Applications
AU MacHetti S; Schiavone PD; Ansaloni G; Peon-Quiros M; Atienza D
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI
PY 2025
AB In this work, we present X-HEEP, an open-source, configurable, and
   extendible RISC-V platform for ultra-lowpower edge applications (TinyAI).
   X-HEEP features the eXtendible Accelerator InterFace (XAIF), which enables
   seamless integration of accelerators with varying requirements along with an
   extensive internal configuration of cores, memory, bus, and peripherals.
   Moreover, it supports various development flows, including FPGA prototyping,
   ASIC implementation, and mixed SystemC-RTL modeling, enabling efficient
   exploration and optimization.  Implemented in TSMC's 65 nm CMOS technology
   (300 MHz, 0.8 V), X-HEEP achieves a minimal footprint of only 0.15 mm2 and
   consumes just 29 W of leakage power.  As a demonstrator of the
   configurability and low overhead of X-HEEP as a host platform, we present a
   study integrating it with near-memory accelerators targeting early-exit
   dynamic network applications, achieving up to 7.3 × performance speedup and
   3.6 × energy improvement on the resulting heterogeneous system compared to
   CPU-only execution.  © 2025 IEEE.
ID acceleration; open systems; 65 nm cmos technologies; development flow; fpga
   prototyping; it supports; memory bus; open source; optimizations; seamless
   integration; systemc; ultra low power; leakage currents

---

UT 307
AR Ahmed ST, 2025, IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD, DOI
   10.1145/3676536.3676804
TI Tiny Deep Ensemble: Uncertainty Estimation in Edge AI Accelerators via
   Ensembling Normalization Layers with Shared Weights
AU Ahmed ST; Hefenbrock M; Tahoori MB
TC 1
SO IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD
PY 2025
AB The applications of artificial intelligence (AI) are rapidly evolving, and
   they are also commonly used in safety-critical domains, such as autonomous
   driving and medical diagnosis, where functional safety is paramount.  In AI-
   driven systems, uncertainty estimation allows the user to avoid
   overconfidence predictions and achieve functional safety.  Therefore, the
   robustness and reliability of model predictions can be improved.  However,
   conventional uncertainty estimation methods, such as the deep ensemble
   method, impose high computation and accordingly hardware (latency and
   energy) overhead because they require the storage and processing of multiple
   models.  Alternatively, Monte Carlo dropout (MC-dropout) methods, although
   having low memory overhead, necessitate numerous (~ 100) forward passes,
   leading to high computational overhead and latency.  Thus, these approaches
   are not suitable for battery-powered edge devices with limited computing and
   memory resources.  In this paper, we propose the Tiny-Deep Ensemble
   approach, a low-cost approach for uncertainty estimation on edge devices.
   In our approach, only normalization layers are ensembled M times, with all
   ensemble members sharing common weights and biases, leading to a significant
   decrease in storage requirements and latency.  Moreover, our approach
   requires only one forward pass in a hardware architecture that allows batch
   processing for inference and uncertainty estimation.  Furthermore, it has
   approximately the same memory overhead compared to a single model.
   Therefore, latency and memory overhead are reduced by a factor of up to ~
   M×. Nevertheless, our method does not compromise accuracy, with an increase
   in inference accuracy of up to ~ 1% and a reduction in RMSE of 17.17% in
   various benchmark datasets, tasks, and state-of-the-art architectures.  ©
   2024 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s).
DE batchensemble; deep ensemble; mc-dropout; tinyml; uncertainty estimation
ID semiconductor storage; autonomous driving; batchensemble; deep ensemble;
   functional safety; mc-dropout; memory overheads; normalization; safety
   critical domain; tinyml; uncertainty estimation; batch data processing

---

UT 318
AR Chong KP, 2025, PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC, DOI
   10.1109/CCNC54725.2025.10976164
TI Experiments of Crowd Detection for Crowd Digital Twins
AU Chong KP; Lai CH; Ling W; Lu Z; Wang R/1; Wang R; Yu Y; Testa A; Lam C-T;
   Tang S-K; Delnevo G; Casadei R; Girau R; Mirri S
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC
PY 2025
AB The development of a crowd digital twin offers significant potential for
   enhancing public safety, urban planning, and event management.  A key
   challenge in creating such a digital twin lies in the efficient and accurate
   acquisition of crowd-related data, particularly through object detection
   models deployed on resource-constrained devices.  Through a series of
   experiments, we compare TinyML and Edge approaches in terms of detection
   accuracy, inferencing time, and resource utilization.  Our findings
   highlight the trade-offs inherent in selecting detection models for crowd
   digital twin applications, underscoring the importance of aligning model
   choice with specific deployment needs.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE crowd digital twin; crowd management; crowd safety; edge ml; human crowds
   detection; tinyml
ID object detection; crowd detection; crowd digital twin; crowd managements;
   crowd safety; detection models; edge ml; human crowd; human crowd detection;
   public safety; tinyml; crowdsourcing; urban planning

---

UT 322
AR Schacht M, 2025, MIPRO ICT ELECTRON CONV MIPRO - PROC, P6, DOI
   10.1109/MIPRO65660.2025.11132080
TI Architecture of an AI on Device Board for Local, Automated Training and
   Inference
AU Schacht M; Murach J; Guldne A; Fazlic LB; Creutz L; Naumann S; Gollmer K-U;
   Dartmann G
TC 1
SO MIPRO ICT ELECTRON CONV MIPRO - PROC
PY 2025
AB This paper presents the conceptualization and implementation of an AI on
   Device HAT Sensor-board for the Raspberry Pi aimed for model inference and
   data collection, coupled with a shared storage unit for data exchange.  With
   increasing complexity of artificial intelligence applications and the
   resulting cost of energy, data, and hardware requirements, assessments of
   resource- and energy-efficiency are often neglected.  We attempt to address
   these areas with the help of TinyML based solutions.  We demonstrate the
   implementation of the AI on Device Board without external transfer
   requirements, present the hardware and software concept, and implement a use
   case.  Additionally, we show how these methodologies can help to achieve a
   higher grade of energy and resource efficiency while maintaining the desired
   performance.  Furthermore, the transfer of existing methodologies to an AI
   on Device board is demonstrated in an exemplary use case to show the
   adaptability of the proposed hardware.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; cyber-physical systems; federated learning; green
   ai; internet of things; tinyml
ID digital storage; electronic data interchange; embedded systems; energy
   efficiency; federated learning; internet of things; learning systems; cybe-
   physical systems; cyber-physical systems; data collection; energy; green ai;
   model inference; modeling data; shared storage; storage units; tinyml;
   artificial intelligence

---

UT 324
AR Yang F, 2025, IEEE WIREL COMMUN LETT, V14, P2331, DOI
   10.1109/LWC.2025.3568532
TI UWB-Based Two-Way Localization With Unknown Anchor Position
AU Yang F; He X; Mo L; Meng X
TC 1
SO IEEE WIREL COMMUN LETT
PY 2025
AB Typically, the utilization of Ultra-Wideband (UWB) technology for
   positioning necessitates precise anchor positions.  Nevertheless, the
   acquisition of anchor positions in public facilities is frequently impeded,
   substantially limiting the practical utility of UWB positioning and leading
   to resource underutilization.  Current research does not adequately address
   the challenge of achieving high-accuracy positioning without prior knowledge
   of anchor positions.  In light of this, this letter proposes a UWB-based
   two-way localization approach that does not require pre-existing anchor
   position information.  It enables a UWB reader to rapidly ascertain the
   relative positions of unknown anchors and concurrently resolve its own
   relative movement trajectory.  This letter has carried out validation
   experiments on closed-loop path and random curve path.  The findings
   demonstrate the integration of Edge Artificial Intelligence (EAI) technology
   remarkably enhances accuracy, achieving average trajectory error reductions
   of 56.9% on closed-loop path and 12.5% on random curve path compared to the
   raw data.  Furthermore, the Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) for unknown anchor
   positioning is 10.7 cm and 33.3 cm in two experiments, with respective
   accuracy enhancements of 44.9% and 22.2%.  © IEEE. 2012 IEEE.
DE eai; tinyml; two-way localization; uwb
ID tracking ( position ); current; closed loop; edge artificial intelligence;
   localization; public facilities; tinyml; two ways; two-way localization;
   ultra-wideband technology; ultrawide band; error correction

---

UT 325
AR Dehrouyeh F, 2025, IEEE INT CONF COMMUN, P1195, DOI
   10.1109/ICC52391.2025.11161868
TI Pruning-Based TinyML Optimization of Machine Learning Models for Anomaly
   Detection in Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure
AU Dehrouyeh F; Shaer I; Nikan S; Ajaei FB; Shami A
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF COMMUN
PY 2025
AB With the growing need for real-time processing on IoT devices, optimizing
   machine learning (ML) models' size, latency, and computational efficiency is
   essential.  This paper investigates a pruning method for anomaly detection
   in resourceconstrained environments, specifically targeting Electric Vehicle
   Charging Infrastructure (EVCI). Using the CICEVSE2024 dataset, we trained
   and optimized three models - Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP), Long Short-Term
   Memory (LSTM), and XGBoost - through hyperparameter tuning with Optuna,
   further refining them using SHapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP)-based
   feature selection (FS) and unstructured pruning techniques.  The optimized
   models achieved significant reductions in model size and inference times,
   with only a marginal impact on their performance.  Notably, our findings
   indicate that, in the context of EVCI, pruning and FS can enhance
   computational efficiency while retaining critical anomaly detection
   capabilities.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cicevse2024; electric vehicle charging infrastructure ( evci ); model
   compression; optuna; pruning; shapley additive explanations ( shap ); tinyml
ID additives; anomaly detection; big data; charging ( batteries ); clustering
   algorithms; electric machine theory; electric utilities; electric vehicles;
   learning systems; machine learning; optimization; vehicle detection; anomaly
   detection; cicevse2024; electric vehicle charging infrastructure; electric
   vehicle charging infrastructures; model compression; optuna; pruning;
   shapley; shapley additive explanation; tinyml; computational efficiency

---

UT 336
AR Vishnu A, 2025, MULTIMED TOOLS APPL, V84, P30951, DOI
   10.1007/s11042-024-20410-9
TI READS: Resource efficient attack detection system for drones
AU Vishnu A; Arora S
TC 1
SO MULTIMED TOOLS APPL
PY 2025
AB Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), commonly known as aerial drones, have
   gained popularity due to their versatility and applications in various
   industries.  However, their increasing use has raised concerns about
   cybersecurity and the vulnerability of networked UAVs to malicious attacks.
   A deep learning-based Attack Detection System (ADS) is essential for
   mitigating cyber threats to UAVs.  It can provide proactive protection even
   against unknown attacks.  Also, for resource constraints of UAVs, ADS must
   be resource-efficient to optimize the deep learning model for embedded
   hardware, making a low code footprint.  Therefore, this work focuses on
   developing a Resource Efficient Attack Detection System (READS) for drones
   that uses a lite deep learning-based network activity classification
   algorithm for detecting cyber threats on UAVs.  The entire system has been
   implemented in three phases, where the first phase includes dataset
   training.  The second phase involves running multiple conventional models to
   choose the best conventional model for intrusion detection using accuracy,
   precision, and recall.  This is followed by phase three, which converts the
   selected conventional Dense Neural Network (DNN) model into a lite weight
   (Tiny) model that works on UAVs.  The selected Lite DNN model is evaluated
   on a real-time testbed.  The optimized model could lower the storage space
   and generates 97.69% accuracy.  The proposed system consumes 30% of the
   original power.  Hence, it allows efficient threat detection while
   minimizing the impact on UAV resources.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature
   2024.
DE attack detection system ( ads ); deep learning; tinyml; unmanned aerial
   vehicle ( uav )
ID aircraft detection; computer viruses; crime; cyber-attacks; deep learning;
   intrusion detection; network intrusion; neural networks; steganography;
   aerial vehicle; attack detection; attack detection system; conventional
   modeling; cyber threats; deep learning; detection system; resource-
   efficient; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle; drones

---

UT 339
AR Lee CY, 2025, ACM MOBICOM - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW, P529, DOI
   10.1145/3680207.3723490
TI HyperCam: Low-Power Onboard Computer Vision for IoT Cameras
AU Lee CY; Yi P; Fite M; Rao T; Achour S; Kapetanovic Z
TC 1
SO ACM MOBICOM - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW
PY 2025
AB We present HyperCam, an energy-efficient image classification pipeline that
   enables computer vision tasks onboard low-power IoT camera systems.
   HyperCam leverages hyperdimensional computing to perform training and
   inference efficiently on low-power microcontrollers.  We implement a low-
   power wireless camera platform using off-the-shelf hardware and demonstrate
   that HyperCam can achieve an accuracy of 93.60%, 84.06%, 92.98%, and 72.79%
   for MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, Face Detection, and Face Identification tasks,
   respectively, while significantly outperforming other classifiers in
   resource efficiency.  Specifically, it delivers inference latency of
   0.08-0.27s while using 42.91-63.00KB flash memory and 22.25KB RAM at peak.
   Among other machine learning classifiers such as SVM, xgBoost, MicroNets,
   MobileNetV3, and MCUNetV3, HyperCam is the only classifier that achieves
   competitive accuracy while maintaining competitive memory footprint and
   inference latency that meets the resource requirements of low-power camera
   systems.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE hyperdimensional computing; internet of things; tinyml; wireless cameras
ID classification ( of information ); computer vision; digital cameras; energy
   efficiency; flash memory; green computing; image classification; learning
   systems; random access storage; camera systems; energy efficient;
   hyperdimensional computing; images classification; low power; low power
   wireless; low power microcontrollers; on-board computers; tinyml; wireless
   cameras; internet of things

---

UT 347
AR Shaikh MS, 2025, INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG TECHNOL ICETET, DOI
   10.1109/ICETETSIP64213.2025.11156336
TI Federated Edge Intelligence for Privacy-Preserving Pre-Eclampsia Prediction
   in IoT-Based Maternal Care
AU Shaikh MS; Jain NK; Mungale S; Das R; Sarkar B; Wadekar S
TC 1
SO INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG TECHNOL ICETET
PY 2025
AB Pre-eclampsia, a leading cause of maternal-fetal mortality, demands urgent
   innovation in prenatal monitoring.  This paper presents an IoT-based
   wearable system integrating maternal (PPG, temperature) and fetal (kick)
   sensors with edge AI for real-time pre-eclampsia detection.  Leveraging
   federated learning and Hyperledger blockchain, our solution ensures privacy-
   preserving analytics (82% lower data exposure) while achieving 94.2%
   accuracy at 200ms latency, 23 times faster than cloud alternatives.  The
   system employs an ESP32-powered wearable with LoRaWAN connectivity,
   optimized via quantized Light GBM for 0.8J/inference energy efficiency.
   Clinical trials with 350 subjects in rural settings validated its
   scalability, with blockchain-secured aggregation handling 350
   transactions/second.  Key innovations include multi-modal sensor fusion for
   holistic risk assessment, on device TinyML eliminating cloud dependence, and
   tamper proof audit trails for HIPAA compliance.  This work bridges critical
   gaps in latency, privacy, and fetal-maternal monitoring, offering a
   deployable solution for low-resource regions.  Results demonstrate more than
   90% alignment with clinician diagnoses, positioning our system as a
   transformative tool for early pre-eclampsia intervention.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE blockchain-secured iot; decentralized health analytics; edge ai diagnostics;
   hybrid light gbm-naive bayes; lorawan health systems; low power prenatal
   sensors; maternal-fetal monitoring; real-time obstetric risk assessment;
   tinyml for healthcare
ID artificial intelligence; barium compounds; blockchain; data privacy;
   diagnosis; fetal monitoring; healthcare; health risks; neonatal monitoring;
   obstetrics; wearable computers; wearable sensors; blockchain; blockchain-
   secured iot; decentralized; decentralized health analytic; edge ai
   diagnostic; health systems; hybrid light gbm-naive baye; lorawan health
   system; low power; low power prenatal sensor; maternal-fetal monitoring;
   naive bayes; real- time; real-time obstetric risk assessment; risks
   assessments; tinyml for healthcare; real-time systems

---

UT 348
AR Hao YW, 2025, PROC INT COLLOQ SIGNAL PROCESS APPL CSPA, P233, DOI
   10.1109/CSPA64953.2025.10933323
TI Implementation Research of Tiny ML on RISC-V Platform Using Efinix Platform
   for Real Time Person Detection
AU Hao YW; Min CC; Sabri RM; Tian Fat RL; Wei SH; Halim H; Yusuf Fadhlullah S
TC 1
SO PROC INT COLLOQ SIGNAL PROCESS APPL CSPA
PY 2025
AB The rapid advancements in artificial intelligence (AI) and computer vision
   have revolutionized intelligent security systems, addressing challenges
   related to cost, efficiency, and scalability.  This paper investigates the
   application of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) on the RISC-V platform,
   utilizing the Efinix Ti60 F225 FPGA for real-time person detection.  The
   study aims to harness the energy efficiency, flexibility, and scalability of
   the RISC-V architecture to develop a cost-effective and sustainable solution
   for intelligent security applications.  The proposed system combines the
   YOLO model for person detection with TinyML techniques, enabling real-time
   processing while maintaining an accuracy of 80% for individuals within a
   2-meter range.  Hardware components, such as the Raspberry Pi Camera Module
   V2 and Mini DSI Panel, were employed to capture and display real-time
   imagery.  Comprehensive evaluations demonstrated the system's performance
   advantages, including reduced latency, low power consumption, and minimal
   bandwidth usage, emphasizing the benefits of deploying AI at the edge.
   Although challenges such as environmental variability and memory limitations
   were encountered, the findings highlighted the potential of integrating
   TinyML with RISC-V platforms for intelligent security applications.  The
   results contributed to the field of edge computing and open-source hardware,
   presenting a viable approach to energy-efficient and scalable AI solutions.
   Future research will focus on overcoming hardware constraints, extending the
   detection range, and incorporating adaptive learning capabilities to enhance
   system robustness and functionality further.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE field programmable gate arrays ( fpgas ); reduced instruction set computing
   ( risc ) five ( risc-v ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); you only look
   once ( yolo )
ID field programmable gate array; field programmables; machine learning; person
   detection; programmable gate array; real- time; reduced instruction set
   computing  five; reduced instruction sets; tiny machine learning; you only
   look once; reinforcement learning

---

UT 367
AR Udoy IA, 2025, IEEE INT SYMP MED MEAS APPL MEMEA, DOI
   10.1109/MeMeA65319.2025.11068064
TI Lightweight Binarized Neural Network for Real-Time Sleep Apnea Detection on
   Edge Hardware
AU Udoy IA; Sharmin R; Hossain MM; Islam SK; Hassan O
TC 1
SO IEEE INT SYMP MED MEAS APPL MEMEA
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a real-time obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) screening
   device for adults that employs an ECG patch and a pulse oximeter.  The
   system is designed to classify OSA through the inference of a lightweight
   binarized neural network (L-BNN) model at the edge.  The three-layer L-BNN
   model was trained separately using open-source OSA data obtained from
   PhysioNET, and hardware validation was conducted on a TinyML microcontroller
   with a maximum power consumption rate of ∼10 mW. The Larq library was
   utilized and modified to binarize the convolutional neural network (CNN)
   model to suit the dataset and its application.  The final two L-BNN models
   accurately detected OSA, achieving an accuracy rate of ∼89% for both the ECG
   and SpO2 datasets.  The memory utilization for both models showed similar
   results of 16.1 KB of RAM usage and 69KB of flash usage.  The classification
   time for the inference models on the TinyML microcontroller was
   approximately 205 ms for ECG data and 186 ms for SpO2 data.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE binarized neural network; edge impulse; neural network; obstructive sleep
   apnea; smote; tinyml
ID brain; convolutional neural networks; electrocardiography; open systems;
   oximeters; random access storage; sleep research; binarized neural network;
   edge impulse; neural network model; neural networks; obstructive sleep
   apnea; real- time; sleep apnea detection; smote; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 368
AR Rahaman H, 2025, PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI, DOI
   10.1109/ISVLSI65124.2025.11130213
TI Optimization and Security of AI Models for Deployment at Edge: A
   Comprehensive Review
AU Rahaman H; Giri C; Roy SK; Chakrabarti A
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI
PY 2025
AB The integration of AI with edge computing and IoT is transforming smart
   systems by enabling real-time decision making, improving data privacy, and
   optimizing resource efficiency.  Edge AI addresses key challenges of
   traditional cloud-centric models, but faces strict limitations on compute
   power, memory, energy, communication bandwidth, security, energy
   consumption, and scalability.  To address this strict limitation, various
   techniques have been developed to create energyefficient, secure,
   lightweight AI architectures.  This article presents a comprehensive review
   of secure and sustainable Edge AI technologies that highlight recent
   advances in the design, optimization, and security of AI models for such
   environments.  We discuss model compression (pruning, quantization, and
   knowledge distillation) and lightweight architectures (e.g., MobileNet,
   TinyML frameworks)and cross-layer optimization to enhance edge AI
   efficiency.  It also addresses security and privacy concerns such as
   adversarial attacks, model theft, and side-channel vulnerabilities including
   solutions such as secure boot, trusted execution environments (TEEs),
   adaptive model switching, and privacy-preserving techniques such as
   federated learning and differential privacy.  We highlight critical
   challenges, analyze ongoing research trends, and outline future research
   directions essential to building secure, energy efficient, and intelligent
   edge ecosystems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; federated learning; iot; lightweight model; privacy-preserving ai;
   security; tinyml
ID differential privacy; energy efficiency; green computing; learning systems;
   mobile edge computing; privacy-preserving techniques; real-time systems;
   side channel attack; edge ai; edge computing; energy efficient; iot;
   lightweight model; optimizations; privacy-preserving; privacy-preserving ai;
   security; tinyml; decision making

---

UT 374
AR Zainab T, 2025, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P118, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT65416.2025.00024
TI Foresee: ML-Driven, Communication-Efficient Time-Series Forecasting
AU Zainab T; Harms L; Karstens J; Landsiedel O
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2025
AB In the Internet of Things, a multitude of sensors continuously collect data
   and transmit it to the cloud for analysis.  However, frequent transfer of
   measurements is impractical for battery-powered sensors due to the high
   energy-costs of wireless communication.  Therefore, sensors often collect
   data and send it at periodic intervals, while a state-of-the-art cloud-based
   predictive model estimates intermediate values between transmissions.  This
   paper introduces Foresee, which improves data quality on the cloud without
   additional communication overhead compared to periodic and model-drives
   approaches.  Foresee makes local predictions on the sensor by employing a
   small, resource-efficient neural network.  Upon detecting significant
   deviations between predicted and measured data, Foresee communicates these
   measurements to the cloud.  Thus, Foresee notifies the cloud whenever
   predictions are difficult.  On the cloud side, Foresee uses a state-of-the-
   art transformer model to make predictions between transmissions.  Our
   results demonstrate the effectiveness of Foresee across different datasets.
   For instance, on the AlSolar dataset, with a prediction length of 48, we
   observe a 26% improvement in the Mean Absolute Error without any additional
   communication, compared to periodic communication every 39 timesteps.
   Additionally, Foresee achieves a 63% reduction in Mean Absolute Error
   compared to a model-driven approach with the same communication overhead.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE communication; edge ai; forecasting; internet of things; lstm; prediction;
   time series; tinyml
ID data acquisition; internet of things; neural networks; prediction models;
   time series; battery powered; communication overheads; edge ai; efficient
   time; lstm; mean absolute error; state of the art; time series forecasting;
   timeserie; tinyml; forecasting

---

UT 386
AR Wang J/4, 2025, AQUAC INT, V33, DOI 10.1007/s10499-025-02256-6
TI Real-time rapid visual fish disease detection system based on tiny machine
   learning
AU Wang J/4; Yin Y; Yang J/4; Zhu F/1; Li D/1; Wang Y/2
TC 1
SO AQUAC INT
PY 2025
AB The rapid detection of fish diseases is crucial for the sustainable
   development of aquaculture, ensuring both economic viability and
   environmental protection.  This study presents a novel real-time fish
   disease detection system based on tiny machine learning (TinyML) technology.
   By integrating the You Only Look Once 11 nano (YOLO11n) lightweight object
   detection model with a RISC-V microcontroller and hardware design, the
   system achieves efficient, low-power, and accurate disease detection
   tailored to resource-constrained aquaculture environments.  The system
   incorporates edge computing to perform real-time disease detection locally,
   reducing reliance on cloud services and improving data security.
   Experimental results demonstrate the system’s effectiveness, achieving a
   mean average precision at IoU thresholds from 0.5 to 0.95 (mAP50–95) of
   0.736 with robust performance in real-world scenarios.  The lightweight
   architecture enables flexible deployment in various aquaculture conditions,
   from offshore environments to small-scale farms.  This study underscores the
   potential of TinyML to revolutionize aquaculture management and promote the
   intelligent, automated monitoring of fish health.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE aquaculture; fish disease detection; microcontrollers; tiny machine
   learning; yolo11n
ID aquaculture; detection method; environmental protection; experimental study;
   machine learning; scenario analysis

---

UT 388
AR Ćojbašić EŽ, 2025, INT SCI CONF COMMUN ENERGY SYST TECHNOL ICEST - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICEST66328.2025.11098440
TI TinyML and IIoT Based Product Quality Classification for Food Industry
AU Ćojbašić EŽ; Jovanović AM; Sibinović VD; Ćojbašić ZM
TC 1
SO INT SCI CONF COMMUN ENERGY SYST TECHNOL ICEST - PROC
PY 2025
AB An important problem that most industrial systems face is requirement for
   real-time processing of large amounts of data and a rapid inference response
   with minimal latency.  Simultaneously, in widely adopted artificial
   intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML) implementation in industrial control
   and robotics, there is a clear recent shift from cloud computing to edge
   computing due to safety, reliability and other aspects.  This is
   challenging, as small edge devices have limited hardware capabilities to
   process large amounts of data within limited timeframes and for deployment
   and execution of large machine learning models.  The paper introduces an
   approach based on TinyML (Tiny Machine Learning), an emerging branch of
   machine learning that allows models to run on small, resource constrained
   devices, for a product classification problem in the food industry.  The
   proposed solution also relies on IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) for
   connecting industrial devices.  Compared to our previously published results
   for similar problems which are based on powerful embedded platforms, the
   approach adopted here demonstrates an attempt to utilize affordable,
   lightweight hardware as an alternative, while still maintaining required
   performance.  The proposed system is suitable for edge computing tasks in
   food industry applications due to its low power consumption, availability
   and cost effectiveness.  The suggested approach allows for prompt anomaly
   detection and advances automation efforts in practical industrial settings.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; edge computing; food industry; industrial iot; object
   recognition; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; cost effectiveness; data handling; edge computing; edge
   detection; food industry; industrial internet of things ( iiot );
   intelligent control; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine
   learning; real-time systems; robotics; anomaly detection; edge computing;
   food industries; industrial iot; large amounts of data; machine learning;
   objects recognition; products quality; quality classification; tiny machine
   learning; object recognition

---

UT 391
AR Dhiab YB, 2025, LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH, V247, P70, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-87769-8_7
TI An IoT-Based Multimodal Wearable Framework for Real-Time Epileptic Seizures
   Detection Using TinyML
AU Dhiab YB; Hizem M; Karmous N; Aoueileyine MO-E; Bouallegue R
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH
PY 2025
AB Millions of people around the world are affected by Epilepsy, and Sudden
   Unexpected Death is commonly attributed to generalized tonic-clonic
   seizures.  Effective management requires timely detection and intervention,
   which remain challenging with current wearable solutions relying on single-
   modal sensors and cloud-based processing.  These systems suffer from
   latency, privacy concerns, and limited predictive capabilities.  We propose
   an IoT-based wearable system integrating multimodal sensors: accelerometer
   ACC, gyroscope GY, magnetometer MG, electrocardiogram ECG, electrodermal
   activity EDA, photoplethysmography PPG and infrared temperature TMP; and a
   lightweight TinyML model deployed on an Nvidia Jetson Nano.  This
   architecture enables real-time inference directly on the edge device,
   ensuring low latency, privacy preservation, and energy-efficient operations.
   Moreover, a selective data collection mode saves resources and facilitates
   the generation of high-quality biosignal datasets for model refining.  The
   proposed system addresses critical gaps in existing solutions, offering a
   scalable, privacy-preserving, and responsive framework for real-time seizure
   detection and future predictive capabilities.  The findings provide
   opportunities for improved healthcare for patients and more effective
   epilepsy management by utilizing multimodal sensing on the edge.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
ID acetanilid; electrocardiograms; network security; neurophysiology; current;
   cloud-based; effective management; epileptic seizure detection; modal
   sensor; multi-modal; predictive capabilities; privacy concerns; real- time;
   single-modal; data privacy

---

UT 397
AR Blasuttigh N, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1275 LNEE, P727, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-73921-7_55
TI Thermal Camera Prototype for Predictive Maintenance in Photovoltaic
   Applications Based on TinyML Embedded System
AU Blasuttigh N; Mellit A; Massi Pavan A; Zennaro M/1
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB This paper focuses on the development of a Machine Learning (ML) approach to
   classify the severity of photovoltaic (PV) defects using a low-cost and low-
   power embedded system.  The main idea is to develop a TinyML model to
   classify four classes of severity (i.e., healthy, low, medium, high) based
   on PV thermal images and to integrate this model on an embedded platform.
   For this work, a new dataset of a total of 429 thermography images among
   healthy and faulty PV modules were collected and analysed.  A comprehensive
   comparison of different type of CNN parameters, image input size and
   quantization methods have been investigated, considering the hardware
   constraints like maximum RAM, flash size and latency.  Eventually, the
   hardware prototype has been enclosed in a 3D printed case with an integrated
   thermal camera and an LCD screen to improve the handling and comfort of use
   for any type of user.  The results indicate that this approach is feasible
   and accurate, reaching an average accuracy of almost 90%. The main advantage
   of the proposed technique is that also a non-expert user can analyse its own
   PV plant in order to prevent possible failures with a very low-cost system
   rather than expensive thermal cameras without any support from experts in
   the field.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2025.
ID costs; liquid crystal displays; embedded-system; low-cost power; low power
   embedded systems; machine learning approaches; photovoltaic applications;
   photovoltaic thermals; photovoltaics; predictive maintenance; thermal
   camera; thermal images; predictive maintenance

---

UT 400
AR Oliveira F, 2025, PROC IEEE SYMP COMPUT COMMUN, DOI
   10.1109/ISCC65549.2025.11326193
TI AI-Driven Low-Cost Sensors for Wildfire Detection: Performance Issues and
   Energy Efficiency
AU Oliveira F; Pioli L; De MacEdo DDJ; Costa DG
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE SYMP COMPUT COMMUN
PY 2025
AB Climate change, along with reckless and sometimes criminal human activities,
   has increased the frequency and severity of wildfires in recent years.
   These fires not only destroy habitats but also release large quantities of
   greenhouse gases, further exacerbating global warming.  In this context,
   innovative solutions to facing these alarming climate emergencies are highly
   welcome.  This paper presents an optimised and affordable solution based on
   an energy self-sufficient Internet of Things platform for wildfire
   detection, allowing quick fire warning and evacuation procedures even in
   remote areas.  Such architecture leverages the Raspberry Pi Zero 2 board as
   the computing core and the YOLOv8n object detector for image-based analysis,
   which allows easy extensions to meet the particularities of any deployment
   area.  Moreover, for wildfire detection far from energy and communication
   infrastructure, the designed platform employs LoRa communication for long-
   range alerts and integrates photovoltaic panels.  Performance metrics,
   hardware utilisation, and energy efficiency were assessed, supporting
   practical exploitation in realworld scenarios.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE computer vision; edge computing; emergency detection; sustainability; tiny
   machine learning
ID artificial intelligence; big data; edge computing; edge detection; energy
   efficiency; fires; global warming; green computing; greenhouse gasses;
   learning systems; detection performance; edge computing; emergency
   detection; energy; human activities; low-cost sensors; machine learning;
   performance issues; tiny machine learning; wildfire detection; computer
   vision

---

UT 408
AR Ancilotto A, 2025, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK PERCOM WORK,
   P237, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops65533.2025.00071
TI Linear Transformers beat YOLO for Embedded Object Detection
AU Ancilotto A; Castagnini E; Farella E
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK PERCOM WORK
PY 2025
AB Vision transformers (ViTs) have recently become the go-to standard for
   solving various computer vision tasks due to their superior performance and
   generalization capabilities.  However, these architectures are complex to
   use in embedded and heavily resource-constrained devices for two main
   reasons: their high memory requirements and the use of complex operators
   seldom supported by embedded inference pipelines.  Meanwhile, in embedded
   environments, it is still common to use older architectures with lower
   performance, but offering reduced memory consumption and higher
   compatibility with the limited embedded runtimes, usually supporting only a
   limited number of operators.  In this paper, we present a neural
   architecture based on a novel linear transformer block capable of bridging
   the gap between the performance achieved by modern computer vision models
   and the broader support offered by architectures currently used in embedded
   environments.  We also propose a solution for one-shot scaling of our
   architecture, called Hardware-Aware Scaling.  This approach allows us to
   develop architectures tailored to embedded devices with different
   computational resources without requiring a lengthy network architecture
   search or manual architecture tuning.  We tested our architecture on an
   object detection task and achieved performance comparable to recent versions
   of YOLO, with lower latency and parameter count while maximizing
   compatibility.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; hardware-aware scaling; linear transformers; neural networks;
   object detection; tinyml
ID complex networks; computer hardware; computer vision; memory architecture;
   network architecture; object recognition; edge ai; embedded environment;
   embedded object; hardware-aware scaling; linear transformer; neural
   networks; objects detection; performance; scalings; tinyml; neural networks;
   object detection

---

UT 409
AR Shan B, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P8874, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2025.3582301
TI A Delta Recurrent Neural Network Over TinyML Framework for Arithmetic Coding
   on the Edge
AU Shan B; Xia Y
TC 1
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB In this paper, we use IoT devices at the edge to perform the data
   compression with arithmetic coding algorithm on the Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) framework.  Our Arithmetic Codec combines a deep learning model,
   i.e., delta recurrent neural network (DRNN), to improve the compression
   ratio.  In addition, a customized neural co-processor (NCP) is integrated
   with IoT device to construct a very low power TinyML system, in which all
   weights and features are stored.  The experimental results show that the
   entire system achieved the lowest power consumption, with similar
   compression ratio and compressing speed compared with other competitors.  ©
   1975-2011 IEEE.
DE arithmetic coding; neural co-processor; tinyml
ID binary codes; compression ratio ( machinery ); deep neural networks; digital
   arithmetic; learning algorithms; learning systems; arithmetic coding; co-
   processors; coding algorithms; learning frameworks; learning models; low
   power; machine learning; neural co-processor; neural networks; tiny machine
   learning; data compression ratio

---

UT 410
AR Shaharear MdR, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P35, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2024.3521320
TI ViT-Reg: Regression-Focused Hardware-Aware Fine-Tuning for ViT on TinyML
   Platforms
AU Shaharear MdR; Mazumder AN; Mohsenin T
TC 1
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB Editor’s notes: This article presents a hardware-aware methodology for
   modeling the performance and energy behavior of vision transformers (ViTs)
   across a wide design space relevant to TinyML platforms.  It serves as a
   valuable framework for balancing accuracy and efficiency in deploying ViTs
   on resource-constrained edge systems such as autonomous robotics.
   —Theocharis Theocharides, University of Cyprus, Cyprus —Marian Verhelst, KU
   Leuven, Belgium —Vijay Janapa Reddy, Harvard University, USA —Evgeni Gousev,
   Qualcomm, USA © 2013 IEEE.
DE real-time and energy efficient deployment; regression; tinyml hardware;
   vision transformer
ID photons; polynomial approximation; polynomial regression; dynamic power
   consumption; energy; energy efficient; fine tuning; real- time; real-time
   and energy efficient deployment; regression; time-efficient; tinyml
   hardware; vision transformer

---

UT 413
AR Dong BA, 2025, PROC INT CONF INTEGR CIRCUITS DES VERIF ICDV, P13, DOI
   10.1109/ICDV66179.2025.11135036
TI Harnessing TinyML for Accurate ECG Beat Detection
AU Dong BA; Dat TH; Vy NHA
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF INTEGR CIRCUITS DES VERIF ICDV
PY 2025
AB In this paper, we propose the use of a lightweight deep learning-based ECG
   beat detection model optimized for resource-constrained microcontrollers.
   Accurate R-peak detection is essential for analyzing heart rate variability
   and diagnosing arrhythmias.  Despite achieving high performance, complex
   deep learning models often require high computational resources, limiting
   their applicability in real-time and wearable healthcare systems.  To
   address this challenge, our study focuses on developing an efficient model
   that balances accuracy and computational efficiency.  Our private collected
   ECG dataset is used for training.  Because ECG signals are often noisy and
   vary across individuals, we implemented preprocessing techniques such as
   Butterworth band-pass filtering, baseline wander removal to enhance data
   quality.  The proposed model combines traditional signal processing with
   deep learning to achieve robust QRS complex detection.  Our model
   architecture is inspired and developed from the Fire module to balance high
   detection accuracy with a low number of parameters and inference time,
   making it suitable for wearable devices and real-time applications.
   Compared to a baseline approach, our method demonstrates improved detection
   accuracy in MIT-BIH dataset.  Our model achieved 99.69% sensitivity and
   99.69% PPV, outperforming [1] (99.47% sensitivity, 99.6% PPV) and [2]
   (98.92% sensitivity, 99.35% PPV), demonstrating superior accuracy in ECG
   beat detection.  Experimental results demonstrate that our method
   effectively identifies R -peaks while maintaining efficiency, contributing
   to scalable and cost-effective continuous heart monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE deep learning; ecg beat detection; lightweight model
ID biomedical signal processing; computational efficiency; cost effectiveness;
   electrocardiography; heart; learning systems; medical computing; wearable
   computers; computational resources; deep learning; detection accuracy;
   detection models; ecg beat detection; heart-rate variability; learning
   models; lightweight model; performance; r-peak detection; deep learning

---

UT 425
AR Scharer N, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P42214, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3594194
TI ElectraSight: Fully Onboard Eye Tracking for Smart Glasses With Hybrid EOG
   (hEOG)
AU Scharer N; Villani F; Melatur A; Peter S; Polonelli T; Magno M
TC 1
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB Smart glasses with integrated eye tracking technology are revolutionizing
   diverse fields, from immersive augmented reality experiences to cutting-edge
   health monitoring solutions.  However, traditional eye tracking systems rely
   heavily on cameras and significant computational power, leading to high-
   energy demand and privacy issues.  Alternatively, systems based on
   electrooculography (EOG) provide superior battery life but are less accurate
   and primarily effective for detecting blinks, while being highly invasive.
   To bridge this gap, this article introduces ElectraSight, a system built
   upon a new concept we define as hybrid electro-oculography (hEOG). This
   approach combines contact and contactless electrodes to create a robust,
   low-power, and truly noninvasive eye tracking system.  To validate our
   approach, we collected a comprehensive dataset from 20 participants, using a
   commercial eye-tracker for ground-truth labeling.  A lightweight 1-D
   convolutional neural network (CNN), quantized to 4-bit and occupying just 79
   kB of memory, performs real-time eye movement classification.  Without
   requiring user-specific calibration, the model achieves 81% accuracy for ten
   classes and 92% for six classes.  Experimental results demonstrate that
   ElectraSight delivers high accuracy in eye movement and blink
   classification, with minimal overall movement detection latency (90% within
   60 ms) and an ultralow inference time ( 301 μs). The power consumption
   settles down to 7.75 mW for continuous data acquisition and 4 μJ for the
   tinyML inference.  This efficiency enables continuous operation for over
   three days on a compact 175 mAh battery.  This work opens new possibilities
   for eye tracking in commercial applications, offering an unobtrusive
   solution that enables advancements in user interfaces, health diagnostics,
   and hands-free control systems.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE electrooculography ( eog ); eye tracking; hybrid electrooculography ( heog )
   contactless; smart glasses; tinyml
ID augmented reality; classification ( of information ); data acquisition; eye
   movements; user interfaces; contact less; cutting edges; diverse fields; eye
   tracking systems; eye tracking technologies; eye tracking; hybrid eog
   contactless; immersive augmented realities; smart glass; tinyml; eye
   tracking

---

UT 427
AR Rashid H-A, 2025, IEEE CONF TECHNOL SUSTAIN SUSTECH, DOI
   10.1109/SusTech63138.2025.11025634
TI HAC-M-DNN: Hardware Aware Compression of Sustainable Multimodal Deep Neural
   Networks for Efficient TinyML Deployment
AU Rashid H-A; Kanjo E; Mohsenin T
TC 1
SO IEEE CONF TECHNOL SUSTAIN SUSTECH
PY 2025
AB The increasing complexity and energy consumption of advanced artificial
   intelligence algorithms pose a significant challenge to environmental
   sustainability.  This paper addresses this issue by introducing HAC-M-DNN, a
   system designed for energy-efficient tinyML deployment.  HAC-M-DNN
   effectively manages multimodal data, develops carbon footprint-efficient
   multimodal deep neural networks, and employs hardware-aware model
   compression techniques to optimize memory utilization and power efficiency.
   We validated HAC-M-DNN through two tinyML application case studies: semantic
   segmentation of crop and weed species using multimodal RGB-D imaging and
   scene understanding from multimodal image and audio data, achieving
   accuracies of 70% and 95%, respectively.  Our hardware-aware results
   demonstrate that HAC-M-DNN generates highly accurate, compact models
   deployable on resource-constrained devices, achieving up to 85× and 177×
   reduction in memory usage respectively for two case-studies.  These models
   also exhibit low latency and exceptional power efficiency.  The outcomes of
   this study underscore the potential of HAC-M-DNN to drive both technological
   advancement and environmental responsibility in the field of tinyML,
   offering a sustainable alternative to traditional, resource-intensive AI
   models.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE hardware-aware compression; multi-modal neural networks; sustainable ai;
   tinyml
ID computer hardware; energy efficiency; energy utilization; neural networks;
   sustainable development; artificial intelligence algorithms; case-studies;
   energy-consumption; hardware-aware compression; multi-modal; multi-modal
   neural networks; neural networks; power-efficiency; sustainable ai; tinyml;
   semantics

---

UT 428
AR Appavu N, 2025, PROC INT CONF INVEN SYST CONTROL ICISC, P1663, DOI
   10.1109/ICISC65841.2025.11188323
TI Analysing the Effect of Edge-Optimized Deep Learning Models on Improving
   Low-Powered Iot Devices Real-Time Object Detection
AU Appavu N
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF INVEN SYST CONTROL ICISC
PY 2025
AB Due to the growing demand for intelligent surveillance in conjunction with
   autonomous vehicles and smart infrastructure, deep learning-based object
   identification is increasingly utilized in low-powered Internet of Things
   (IoT) sensors.  Real-time operation on IoT edge devices is challenged by
   significant resource constraints imposed by traditional detection
   techniques.  This study evaluates the effectiveness of MobileNet-SSD,
   YOLOv5-Nano, and EfficientNet-Lite as supervised object detectors running on
   Raspberry Pi 4 and NVIDIA Jetson Nano low-powered connected devices.  The
   evaluation includes hardware testing and assessment of frames per second
   (FPS), memory usage, and energy consumption alongside model compression
   techniques such as quantization and pruning.  The objective is to assess the
   feasibility of deploying deep learning models while understanding the
   performance trade-offs involved in constrained system integration.
   MobileNet-SSD achieves the best power efficiency on Raspberry Pi, while
   YOLOv5-Nano offers the best balance of performance on Jetson Nano with 18
   FPS speed and 85.7% mean average precision (mAP) detection accuracy.  The
   study highlights that reliable large-scale real-time object detection at
   edge locations is achievable through hardware optimization, edge inference
   acceleration, and task-specific model selection.  The originality of this
   work lies in its real-world deployment experiments, providing practical
   insights for developers and practitioners working with embedded artificial
   intelligence (AI) applications.  Furthermore, the study advocates for
   responsible edge AI development methodologies, promoting decentralization of
   AI intelligence.  Future research should explore federated learning combined
   with on-device model retraining techniques to enable autonomous
   adaptability.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE deep learning; edge computing; internet of things ( iot ); mobilenet-ssd;
   model optimization; nvidia jetson nano; raspberry pi; real-time object
   detection; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); you only look once version 5 (
   yolov5 )

---

UT 439
AR Remolina Soto MS, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25206361
TI Intelligent Classification of Urban Noise Sources Using TinyML: Towards
   Efficient Noise Management in Smart Cities
AU Remolina Soto MS; Amaya Guzmán B; Aya-Parra PA; Perdomo OJ; Becerra-
   Fernandez M; Sarmiento-Rojas J
TC 1
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB Highlights: What are the main findings?  An efficient TinyML system was
   deployed for real-time, on-device classification of urban noise, achieving
   high accuracy (precision/recall up to 1.00). Heavy vehicles were identified
   as the most frequent noise sources, whereas aircraft generated the highest
   A-weighted sound pressure levels (La, max = 88.4 dB(A)), exceeding the local
   permissible limit by up to 18 dB(A). What are the implications of the main
   findings?  The study proves that TinyML is a viable solution for dense,
   permanent noise monitoring networks that identify specific sources, not just
   volume.  It enables targeted noise mitigation policies by pinpointing the
   most impactful contributors to urban noise pollution.  Urban noise levels
   that exceed the World Health Organization (WHO) recommendations have become
   a growing concern due to their adverse effects on public health.  In Bogotá,
   Colombia, studies by the District Department of Environment (SDA) indicate
   that 11.8% of the population is exposed to noise levels above the WHO
   limits.  This research aims to identify and categorize environmental noise
   sources in real time using an embedded intelligent system.  A total of 657
   labeled audio clips were collected across eight classes and processed using
   a 60/20/20 train–validation–test split, ensuring that audio segments from
   the same continuous recording were not mixed across subsets.  The system was
   implemented on a Raspberry Pi 2W equipped with a UMIK-1 microphone and
   powered by a 90 W solar panel with a 12 V battery, enabling autonomous
   operation.  The TinyML-based model achieved precision and recall values
   between 0.92 and 1.00, demonstrating high performance under real urban
   conditions.  Heavy vehicles and motorcycles accounted for the largest
   proportion of classified samples.  Although airplane-related events were
   less frequent, they reached maximum sound levels of up to 88.4 dB(A),
   exceeding the applicable local limit of 70 dB(A) by approximately 18 dB(A)
   rather than by percentage.  In conclusion, the results demonstrate that on-
   device TinyML classification is a feasible and effective strategy for urban
   noise monitoring.  Local inference reduces latency, bandwidth usage, and
   privacy risks by eliminating the need to transmit raw audio to external
   servers.  This approach provides a scalable and sustainable foundation for
   noise management in smart cities and supports evidence-based public policies
   aimed at improving urban well-being.  This work presents an introductory and
   exploratory study on the application of TinyML for acoustic environmental
   monitoring, aiming to evaluate its feasibility and potential for large-scale
   implementation.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE acoustic models; ml classification; public health; tinyml; urban noise;
   yamnet
ID acoustic noise; acoustic noise measurement; aircraft; audio acoustics; noise
   pollution; noise pollution control; risk perception; smart city; urban
   growth; acoustics model; heavier vehicles; ml classification; noise
   management; noise monitoring; noise source; real- time; tinyml; urban noise;
   yamnet; acoustics; aircraft; article; bandwidth; classification; colombia;
   electric potential; environmental monitoring; environmental noise;
   environmental surveillance; evidence based practice; human; microphone;
   motorcycle; noise; privacy; public health; raspberry; smart device; solar
   panel; sound intensity; world health organization; public health

---

UT 445
AR Saha B, 2025, PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS, DOI
   10.1145/3703412.3703424
TI TinyML-Powered Gesture Wizardry: Low-Cost, Low-Power Two-Stage CNN for
   Static Hand Gesture Classification on MCU in Appliance Control
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh SK; Roy RB
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces a method for real-time detection of static human hand
   gestures amidst complex backgrounds and within distances of up to 2.5
   meters, utilizing TinyML technology on microcontroller units (MCUs) equipped
   with vision sensors.  Emphasizing affordability, sustainability, and energy
   efficiency, our approach replaces costly edge devices with low-cost MCUs.
   Our two-stage Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) achieves over 92% accuracy
   in detecting five static hand gestures.  It reduces power consumption and
   computational resources by 99% compared to sate-of-the-art methods,
   requiring only 120 KB RAM and 367 KB FLASH, compatible with ESP32-CAM boards
   costing less than 6 USD. Operating at 1 frame per second (FPS), our
   implementation is practical for real-world applications.  Additionally, we
   integrate our system into a custom PCB setup featuring an ESP32-CAM board,
   relay module, and 2.4-inch TFT Display, enabling real-time gesture
   recognition for appliance control and display annotation.  This research
   demonstrates the transformative potential of TinyML for low-cost, low-power,
   long-range gesture control systems, advancing applications in smart living,
   healthcare, and environmental sustainability.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE computer vision; gestures recognition; human computer interaction;
   microcontroller deployment; on-device machine learning; real-time systems;
   tinyml
ID cams; convolutional neural networks; gesture recognition; palmprint
   recognition; computer interaction; gestures recognition; hand gesture; low-
   costs; machine learning; microcontroller deployment; microcontroller unit;
   on-device machine learning; real-time system; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 449
AR Shabir MY, 2025, TELECOMMUN SYST, V88, DOI 10.1007/s11235-025-01363-2
TI TinyML model compression: A comparative study of pruning and quantization on
   selected standard and custom neural networks
AU Shabir MY; Torta G; Damiani F
TC 1
SO TELECOMMUN SYST
PY 2025
AB In Machine Learning (ML), the deployment of complex Neural Network (NN)
   models on memory-constrained Internet of Things (IoT) devices presents a
   significant challenge.  Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) focuses on optimizing
   NN models for such environments, where computational and storage resources
   are limited.  A major aspect of this optimization involves reducing model
   size without substantially compromising accuracy.  We conducted a systematic
   literature review to identify pruning and quantization techniques suitable
   for optimization of NN models.  In addition, this study investigates the
   efficiency of pruning and 8-bit integer (INT8) quantization in optimizing NN
   models for deployment on memory-constrained devices.  The study evaluates
   widely used NN architectures such as ResNet50/101, VGG16, and MobileNet,
   alongside a custom-designed model, using CIFAR-100, CIFAR-10, MNIST, and
   Fashion-MNIST datasets.  The results show that combining pruning with INT8
   quantization reduced the size of MobileNet by 77.01% and the custom model by
   94.38%. Notably, the custom model achieved improved accuracy, while
   MobileNet retained competitive accuracy with minimal loss on CIFAR-100. The
   main contribution of this work lies in systematically analyzing and
   comparing pruning, INT8 quantization, and hybrid optimization methods across
   multiple architectures and datasets, with performance evaluated in terms of
   recall, latency, and memory requirements before and after optimization.
   Pruning and INT8 quantization reduced model size and inference time while
   preserving accuracy for TinyML deployment.  These findings highlight
   practical approaches for enabling efficient TinyML deployment in real-world
   IoT applications.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer
   Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature 2025.
DE edge computing; iot; neural network optimization; pruning; quantization;
   tinyml
ID constrained optimization; internet of things; learning systems; machine
   learning; memory architecture; network architecture; neural networks;
   quantization ( signal ); custom models; edge computing; machine learning;
   model size; neural network model; neural network optimization;
   optimizations; pruning; quantization; tiny machine learning; edge computing

---

UT 451
AR Asante NO, 2025, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS, DOI
   10.1109/SAS65169.2025.11105112
TI TinyEEGConformer: An Attention-Based EEG Decoding Model for Embedded Systems
AU Asante NO; Mei L; Wang X/1; Magno M
TC 1
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS
PY 2025
AB Brain-Machine Interfaces (BMIs) are crucial in prosthesis control and motor
   rehabilitation.  Processing real-time electroencephalographic (EEG) data on
   edge devices, such as low-power microcontroller units (MCUs) positioned
   close to the sensors, is an emerging and important trend.  In fact, this
   approach enhances user experience and preserves data privacy.  However, due
   to the limited computational resources of the low-power processors, having
   adequate performance of AI-driven EEG decoding models on low-power devices
   is still challenging.  This paper presents TinyEEGConformer, a novel
   attention-based EEG decoding model targeting resource-constrained embedded
   systems for real-time processing at the edge.  The proposed model is
   designed to meet the computational constraints of a low-power processor
   while maintaining optimal classification performance.  The model achieves an
   average accuracy of 79.63%, outperforming the baseline EEG Conformer model
   by 0.97% on the BCI Competition IV 2a dataset while using 21 times fewer
   parameters (i.e., 37,135 parameters corresponding to 145 kB). The proposed
   approach is evaluated on Arm Cortex-M processors demonstrating its
   feasibility for on-board deployment.  TinyEEGConformer shows comparable
   classification accuracy as state-of-the-art (SoA) EEG decoding models but
   significantly reduces the computational burden, paving the way for online
   motor intention decoding on low-power wearable BMIs.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE additive attention; brain computer interface; cnn; edge computing; embedded
   systems; motor imagery; tinyml; transformer
ID arm processors; biomedical signal processing; brain computer interface; data
   handling; decoding; edge computing; electroencephalography; embedded
   software; interactive computer systems; interfaces ( computer ); user
   experience; wearable computers; additive attention; edge computing;
   embedded-system; low power processors; machine interfaces; motor imagery;
   motor rehabilitation; prosthesis control; tinyml; transformer; embedded
   systems

---

UT 458
AR Cordova-Cardenas R, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14244877
TI Edge AI in Practice: A Survey and Deployment Framework for Neural Networks
   on Embedded Systems
AU Cordova-Cardenas R; Amor D; Gutiérrez Á
TC 1
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB The growing demand for intelligent and autonomous devices has accelerated
   the integration of neural networks into embedded systems, a paradigm known
   as Edge AI. While this approach enables real-time, low-latency processing
   with improved privacy, it remains constrained by strict limitations in
   memory, computation and energy.  This paper presents a systematic review,
   aligned with PRISMA principles, that examines the current landscape of deep
   learning deployment on embedded hardware.  The review analyzes key
   optimization techniques—including pruning, quantization and inference-level
   improvements—together with lightweight architectures such as CNNs, RNNs and
   compact networks, as well as a diverse ecosystem of hardware platforms and
   software frameworks.  From the recurring patterns identified in the
   literature, we derive a practical five-stage methodology that guides
   developers through requirement definition, model selection, optimization,
   hardware alignment and deployment.  Unlike existing surveys that mainly
   provide descriptive taxonomies, this methodology offers a structured and
   reproducible workflow explicitly designed to support multi-objective trade-
   offs in resource-constrained environments.  The review also identifies
   emerging trends such as TinyML and hybrid architectures and highlights
   persistent gaps, including limited support for ultra-low-precision
   inference, variability in hardware toolchains and the absence of
   standardized holistic benchmarking.  By synthesizing these insights into a
   coherent framework, this work aims to facilitate more efficient, robust and
   scalable Edge AI implementations.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge ai; embedded systems; inference optimization; model compression; neural
   networks; tinyml
ID compaction; computer hardware; deep learning; embedded software; memory
   architecture; neural networks; optimization; autonomous devices; edge ai;
   embedded-system; growing demand; inference optimization; intelligent
   devices; model compression; neural networks; optimizations; tinyml; economic
   and social effects; embedded systems

---

UT 467
AR Leslin J, 2025, IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS, DOI
   10.1109/COINS65080.2025.11125733
TI Hardware-efficient tractable probabilistic inference for TinyML
   Neurosymbolic AI applications
AU Leslin J; Trapp M; Andraud M
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS
PY 2025
AB Neurosymbolic AI (NSAI) has recently emerged to mitigate limitations
   associated with deep learning (DL) models, e.g.  quantifying their
   uncertainty or reason with explicit rules.  Hence, TinyML hardware will need
   to support these symbolic models to bring NSAI to embedded scenarios.  Yet,
   although symbolic models are typically compact, their sparsity and
   computation resolution contrasts with low-resolution and dense neuro models,
   which is a challenge on resource-constrained TinyML hardware severely
   limiting the size of symbolic models that can be computed.  In this work, we
   remove this bottleneck leveraging a tight hardware/software integration to
   present a complete framework to compute NSAI with TinyML hardware.  We focus
   on symbolic models realized with tractable probabilistic circuits (PCs), a
   popular subclass of probabilistic models for hardware integration.  This
   framework: (1) trains a specific class of hardware-efficient deterministic
   PCs, chosen for the symbolic task; (2) compresses this PC until it can be
   computed on TinyML hardware with minimal accuracy degradation, using our
   nth-root compression technique, and (3) deploys the complete NSAI model on
   TinyML hardware.  Compared to a 64b precision baseline necessary for the PC
   without compression, our workflow leads to significant hardware reduction on
   FPGA (up to 82.3% in FF, 52.6% in LUTs, and 18.0% in Flash usage) and an
   average inference speedup of 4.67× on ESP32 microcontroller.  © 2025 IEEE.
ID computer hardware; microcomputers; probabilistic logics; ai applications;
   hardware/software integration; learning models; lower resolution; neuro
   modeling; probabilistic inference; probabilistic models; probabilistics;
   symbolic modeling; uncertainty; deep learning

---

UT 474
AR Kfir T, 2025, MACH LEARN APPL, V22, DOI 10.1016/j.mlwa.2025.100755
TI Real-time detection of acoustic anomalies in drone servo motors using edge-
   based machine learning
AU Kfir T; Tuvyahu S; Moshe BB; Anidjar OH
TC 1
SO MACH LEARN APPL
PY 2025
AB The growing demand for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) has led to a
   significant increase in their variety and usage, emphasizing the need for
   resilient and autonomous onboard monitoring systems.  To address this, we
   present a lightweight, scalable solution for real-time anomaly detection
   focused on the mechanical servos that control UAV flight dynamics.  While
   conventional deep learning methods offer high accuracy, they often require
   substantial computational and memory resources, making them unsuitable for
   the constrained environments of small aircraft.  In this study, we introduce
   a real-time anomaly detection framework that combines edge computing and
   Internet of Things (IoT) principles to analyze acoustic signals from UAV
   servo motors.  Our system leverages Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   techniques to perform local data processing and inference directly on
   embedded hardware, minimizing latency and energy consumption.  The proposed
   method uses a compact neural network deployed on an ultra-lightweight
   microcontroller (under 100 grams) to classify servo conditions.  Acoustic
   data collected under multiple fault scenarios were minimally preprocessed
   and fed into the model.  Experimental evaluation shows promising performance
   with 86% accuracy, 86% recall, and 87% precision.  This edge-based AI
   approach supports distributed deployment across UAV fleets, reduces reliance
   on external infrastructure, and enhances both safety and maintenance
   efficiency in diverse operational environments.  Copyright © 2025. Published
   by Elsevier Ltd.
DE acoustics; anomaly detection; iot; tinyml; uav
ID acoustic waves; aircraft detection; antennas; data handling; deep learning;
   drones; edge computing; fighter aircraft; flight dynamics; learning systems;
   neural networks; servomotors; acoustic anomalies; aerial vehicle; anomaly
   detection; edge-based; machine learning; real-time anomaly detections; real-
   time detection; servo-motor; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial vehicle;
   acoustics; anomaly detection; internet of things

---

UT 478
AR Gulati S, 2025, JT EUR CONF NETWORKS COMMUN 6G SUMMIT EUCNC/6G SUMMIT -
   PROC, P103, DOI 10.1109/EuCNC/6GSummit63408.2025.11037060
TI NanoXAI: Explainable AI for Anomaly Detection in Electromagnetic Nano-
   Networks of CAVs
AU Gulati S; Shah P/1; Pathak L/1; Trivedi C; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 1
SO JT EUR CONF NETWORKS COMMUN 6G SUMMIT EUCNC/6G SUMMIT - PROC
PY 2025
AB The authors propose a novel lightweight and interpretable framework to
   perform anomaly detection in electromagnetic nano-networks in connected
   autonomous vehicles.  The proposed approach adopts TinyML due to its light
   memory footprint and high accuracy of 98.12%, while the models which are
   varying from 56.26 KB to 71.72 KB outperform LSTM and GRU counterparts in
   terms of resource usage.  Using state-of-art techniques such as SHAP and
   LIME to improve explainability and help analyze and interpret the data, the
   authors decide that latency and error rate should be used for defining
   anomalies.  The proposed framework is trained and tested on a synthetic data
   set, which covers traffic patterns for nano-scale communication and
   preprocessed to have acceptable quality.  The obtained validation confirms
   the performance and efficiency achieved by TinyML on resource-limited
   devices, which are comparable to other approaches.  The future work is about
   integration of real-world dataset, availability of solutions in large nano
   networks, experimentations with privacy preserving for distributed systems.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; autonomous vehicles; electromagnetic nano-networks;
   explainable ai; lime; shap; tinyml
ID autonomous vehicles; data privacy; distributed computer systems; large
   datasets; nanoelectronics; nanomagnetics; nanosensors; anomaly detection;
   autonomous vehicles; electromagnetic nano-network; electromagnetics;
   explainable ai; high-accuracy; memory footprint; nano-networks; shap;
   tinyml; anomaly detection

---

UT 485
AR Ganesan P, 2025, PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI, P941, DOI
   10.1145/3716368.3735274
TI TinyML Based Stress Detection utilizing PPG Signals: A Lightweight Approach
   for Smart Wearable Devices
AU Ganesan P; Thota YR; Shehata H; Nikoubin T
TC 1
SO PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI
PY 2025
AB Real-time stress detection using wearable devices offers valuable insights
   for mental health monitoring and well-being assessment.  This study presents
   a TinyML-based stress classification model optimized for edge devices and
   wearable sensors, enabling continuous, low-power monitoring without reliance
   on cloud computing.  The WESAD (Wearable Stress and Affect Detection)
   dataset was used to develop and evaluate the model, leveraging
   photoplethysmography (PPG) signals to classify stress levels.  Multiple
   statistical time-domain features were extracted to capture relevant
   physiological patterns.  Various machine learning (ML) and deep learning
   (DL) models, including DNN, CNN, were assessed for their effectiveness in
   stress classification.  Among these, an optimized DNN model demonstrated
   superior performance, achieving 98% accuracy while maintaining computational
   efficiency.  This makes it highly suitable for edge deployment, ensuring
   real-time stress detection with minimal resource consumption.  The results
   validate the feasibility of TinyML-based stress classification on wearable
   devices, offering a cost-effective, real-time, and energy-efficient solution
   for continuous stress monitoring.Figure 1:Calm PPG Signal (a), Stressed PPG
   signal (b) © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE dnn; ppg; real-time monitoring; smart wearable devices; stress detection;
   tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); computational efficiency; deep learning;
   distributed computer systems; energy efficiency; green computing; learning
   systems; physiological models; signal detection; stresses; wearable
   computers; wearable sensors; dnn; mental health; real-time monitoring; real-
   time; smart wearables; stress classifications; stress detection; time
   stress; tinyml; wearable devices; cost effectiveness

---

UT 486
AR Numsomran A/1, 2025, INT CONF MECHATRONICS CONTROL ROBOT ICMCR, P30, DOI
   10.1109/ICMCR64890.2025.10962866
TI TinyML Speech Classification Embedded Ai Module for Hand Rehabilitation
   Device
AU Numsomran A/1; Numsomran A; Chaoraingern J
TC 1
SO INT CONF MECHATRONICS CONTROL ROBOT ICMCR
PY 2025
AB Recent advancements in artificial intelligence and machine learning have
   significantly improved healthcare, especially in the development of
   assistive technologies for rehabilitation.  This paper introduces a method
   for hand rehabilitation that utilizes the capabilities of tiny machine
   learning to enhance speech classification in a rehabilitation device.  The
   proposed method employs a CNN model capable of classifying speech signals
   that are indicative of different hand movement patterns.  Patients emit
   these speech signals during prescribed hand exercises, which are crucial for
   their rehabilitation process.  The main focus of this study is on training
   and deploying a speech classification system that can work in the resource-
   limited environment of TinyML platforms.  We detail the process of capturing
   speech data, preprocessing it, and extracting the most features relevant to
   different hand movements.  Our results show that using TinyML to help with
   hand rehabilitation works.  The method we came up with shows how TinyML
   could change the way rehabilitative devices are controlled, and it also
   shows us what personalized and easy-to-use rehabilitation tools might look
   like in the future.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cnn; embedded ai; hand rehabilitation device; speech classification; tinyml
ID assistive technology; functional assessment; functional electric
   stimulation; neuromuscular rehabilitation; occupational therapy; patient
   monitoring; physical therapy; speech enhancement; artificial intelligence
   learning; assistive technology; embedded ai; hand rehabilitation; hand
   rehabilitation device; hands movement; machine learning; speech
   classification; speech signals; tinyml; human rehabilitation equipment

---

UT 488
AR Zhao Y/1, 2025, ACM TRANS DES AUTOM ELECTRON SYST, V30, DOI 10.1145/3745772
TI Poor Man's Training on MCUs: A Memory-Efficient Quantized Back-Propagation-
   Free Approach
AU Zhao Y/1; Li H/1; Young I; Zhang Z/1
TC 1
SO ACM TRANS DES AUTOM ELECTRON SYST
PY 2025
AB Back propagation (BP) is the default solution for gradient computation in
   neural network training.  However, implementing BP-based training on various
   edge devices such as FPGA, microcontrollers (MCUs), and analog computing
   platforms faces multiple major challenges, such as the lack of hardware
   resources, long time-to-market, and dramatic errors in a low-precision
   setting.  This article presents a simple BP-free training scheme on an MCU,
   which makes edge training hardware design as easy as inference hardware
   design.  We adopt a quantized zeroth-order method to estimate the gradients
   of quantized model parameters, which can overcome the error of a straight-
   through estimator in a low-precision BP scheme.  We further employ a few
   dimension reduction methods (e.g., node perturbation, sparse training) to
   improve the convergence of zeroth-order training.  Experiment results show
   that our BP-free training achieves comparable performance as BP-based
   training on adapting a pre-trained image classifier to various corrupted
   data on resource-constrained edge devices (e.g., an MCU with 1024-KB SRAM
   for dense full-model training, or an MCU with 256-KB SRAM for sparse
   training). This method is most suitable for application scenarios where
   memory cost and time-to-market are the major concerns, but longer latency
   can be tolerated.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE back-propagation-free training; on-device training; tiny machine learning
ID analog computers; backpropagation; edge computing; integrated circuit
   design; learning systems; neural networks; back propagation; back-
   propagation-free training; gradients computation; hardware design; lower
   precision; machine learning; memory efficient; on-device training; time to
   market; tiny machine learning; static random access storage

---

UT 498
AR Adorante R, 2025, SYMMETRY, V17, DOI 10.3390/sym17071094
TI Robust Watermarking of Tiny Neural Networks by Fine-Tuning and Post-Training
   Approaches
AU Adorante R; Carra A; Lattuada M; Pau DP
TC 1
SO SYMMETRY
PY 2025
AB Because neural networks pervade many industrial domains and are increasingly
   complex and accurate, the trained models themselves have become valuable
   intellectual properties.  Developing highly accurate models demands
   increasingly higher investments of time, capital, and expertise.  Many of
   these models are commonly deployed in cloud services and on resource-
   constrained edge devices.  Consequently, safeguarding them is critically
   important.  Neural network watermarking offers a practical solution to
   address this need by embedding a unique signature, either as a hidden bit-
   string or as a distinctive response to specially crafted “trigger” inputs.
   This allows owners to subsequently prove model ownership even if an
   adversary attempts to remove the watermark through attacks.  In this
   manuscript, we adapt three state-of-the-art watermarking methods to “tiny”
   neural networks deployed on edge platforms by exploiting symmetry-related
   properties that ensure robustness and efficiency.  In the context of machine
   learning, “tiny” is broadly used as a term referring to artificial
   intelligence techniques deployed in low-energy systems in the mW range and
   below, e.g., sensors and microcontrollers.  We evaluate the robustness of
   the selected techniques by simulating attacks aimed at erasing the watermark
   while preserving the model’s original performances.  The results before and
   after attacks demonstrate the effectiveness of these watermarking schemes in
   protecting neural network intellectual property without degrading the
   original accuracy.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE image use cases; microcontrollers; post-training watermarking; tiny machine
   learning; watermarking

---

UT 529
AR Audi OL, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P373, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_44
TI Optimized TinyML Implementation for Resource-Constrained Microcontrollers
AU Audi OL; Awada S; Yaacoub M; Ibrahim A
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB TinyML has emerged as a transformative technology enabling the development
   of tiny yet powerful models for on-edge real-time sensory processing.  This
   work investigates how optimization techniques can improve the efficiency of
   TinyML models for deployment on resource-constrained devices like the
   Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense while maintaining acceptable accuracy.
   Optimization techniques such as pruning followed by a sparsity removal
   approach and quantization were applied using the TensorFlow framework.  The
   results obtained demonstrate a considerable reduction in processing time of
   around 98% and RAM use of 65% on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense with a slight
   loss in accuracy by 4%. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE pruning; quantization; resource-constrained devices; sparsity removal; tiny
   machine learning
ID % reductions; machine learning; optimization techniques; pruning;
   quantization; real- time; resource-constrained devices; sensory processing;
   sparsity removal; tiny machine learning; constrained optimization

---

UT 536
AR Albanese A, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P131, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_16
TI A TinyML-Based IoT Device for Advanced Shipping Monitoring
AU Albanese A; Gotta D; Brunelli D
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Recent advancements in Internet of Things (IoT) technologies, such as Narrow
   Band-IoT (NB-IoT) and efficient on-the-edge tiny machine learning (tinyML)
   systems, offer numerous opportunities for developing smart monitoring
   systems.  The transport sector, in particular, can benefit significantly
   from these innovations.  Tracking and detecting dangerous events in real
   time, especially for valuable goods, remains a challenging task.  This paper
   describes a smart shipping system that utilizes a Neural Network to classify
   accelerometer data streams and NB-IoT to transmit real-time events and
   reports to users.  We present an IoT prototype featuring a smart camera and
   a System-in-Package (SiP) that integrates cellular connectivity, offering
   advanced shipping monitoring capabilities.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE nb-iot; smart shipping; tinyml
ID internet of things technologies; machine learning systems; narrow band-iot;
   narrow bands; neural networks; real- time; smart monitoring systems; smart
   shipping; tinyml; transport sectors; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 542
AR Dabbous A, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P234, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_28
TI Benchmarking Microcontrollers with Ultra-Low Resolution Images
   Classification
AU Dabbous A; Berta R; Lazzaroni L; Pighetti A; Bellotti F
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB The advancement of edge devices equipped with specialized hardware
   accelerators, data caches, and microcontroller units (MCUs) has brought the
   deployment and execution of Deep Neural Network (DNN) models closer to users
   and real-world sensor systems.  This paper explores the potential of various
   specialized MCUs across four real-world applications (waste classification,
   presence detection, miniature robot detection, and sign language
   interpretation). We evaluate three well-known MCU (STM32H7, Arduino, and
   MAX78000) comparing their inference time and power/energy consumption on
   four ultra-low resolution image-classification datasets with varying input
   and task complexities.  Our findings indicate that all MCUs deliver
   excellent performance in terms of inference time and energy consumption for
   real-time applications, with the MAX78000 outperforming the others in all
   the metrics considered, thanks to the use of a DNN accelerator.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE convolutional neural network; energy-consumption; hardware accelerator;
   max78000; stm32; tiny machine learning
ID benchmarking; convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; waste
   paper; convolutional neural network; energy-consumption; hardware
   accelerators; images classification; low resolution images; machine
   learning; max78000; microcontroller unit; stm32; tiny machine learning;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 548
AR Samanta R, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P907, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885754
TI A Low-Power Low-cost System for Disaster Locations Detection using ESP32 CAM
   and TinyML
AU Samanta R; Saha B; Ghosh SK/1
TC 1
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a low-cost, low-power solution for real-time natural
   disaster or calamity location detection using the ESP32 CAM, a GPS module,
   and TinyML. By overlaying calamity locations on open-source street maps, our
   system improves user interaction with spatial data, aiding navigation and
   safety during disasters.  The model achieves 88% accuracy while using
   minimal RAM and FLASH memory, offering a cost-effective alternative to
   expensive devices.  Additionally, it can be deployed on UAVs, or drones, or
   towers, for extensive scanning, alerting remote servers or disaster rescue
   centers upon detection for timely responses.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE calamity identification; eps32 cam; mobilenet; real-time monitoring; tinyml
ID disaster prevention; disasters; low power electronics; open source software;
   calamity identification; eps32 cam; location detection; low power; low-cost
   systems; low-costs; mobilenet; power low; real-time monitoring; tinyml;
   flash memory

---

UT 681
AR Datta A, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P623, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885641
TI PolluSenseCheck: Cost Effective TinyML-based Air Quality Monitoring System
   with In-Built Sensor Fault Detection
AU Datta A; Chakraborty J; Majhi P; Mondal A; Roy S; Nandi S; Saha S
TC 1
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB Air pollution is a significant contributor to respiratory diseases, posing
   severe health risks globally.  Traditional air quality monitoring stations,
   while effective, are too expensive, particularly in developing nations like
   India, where numerous monitoring sites may be required to cover diverse
   urban and industrial regions.  Existing cost-effective air quality
   monitoring systems are rendered inadequate by their reliance on sensors that
   are prone to drift, which necessitates frequent recalibration.  This study
   addresses the gap by developing a cost-effective air quality monitoring
   device capable of detecting particulate matter, carbon monoxide (CO),
   temperature, and humidity, and incorporating self-diagnostic capabilities.
   It enhances reliability through a dual-sensing mechanism: it calculates the
   Air Quality Index (AQI) directly and uses a TinyML model to provide
   secondary-sensed AQI estimations.  Deviations between these two AQI values
   signal sensor malfunction, which is tracked by a proposed algorithm,
   Interocept, that assigns fault scores to the sensors.  Models were created
   for eight cities, showing accuracies from 0.69-0.89 for dust and 0.76-0.95
   for CO. These models were optimized for real-time performance by converting
   them into TensorFlow Lite micro-models, allowing deployment on the device
   itself for continuous, autonomous sensor health diagnostics and improved
   long-term air quality management systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE air quality; cost effective air quality monitoring device; sensor drift;
   tinyml
ID air pollution control; air pollution control equipment; air quality; costs;
   diagnosis; endocrinology; failure analysis; air quality indices; air quality
   monitoring; air quality monitoring stations; cost effective; cost effective
   air quality monitoring device; monitoring device; quality monitoring system;
   sensor drift; sensor fault detection; tinyml; fault detection

---

UT 3
AR Fasolino A, 2025, IEEE SENSORS J, V25, P25450, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2025.3568268
TI Design Space Exploration of an In-Sensor Processor for Object Classification
   in Ultracompact Time-of-Flight Sensors
AU Fasolino A; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Pau D; Licciardo GD
TC 0
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2025
AB This work presents an extensive design space exploration toward the optimal
   design of a hardware (HW) accelerator for multiclass object classification,
   implementing a configurable convolutional neural network (CNN) to be closely
   coupled with ultralow spatial resolution (ULR) time-of-flight (ToF) sensors
   in an in-sensors computing approach.  The study leverages ULR ToF as the
   sole sensing element to perform classification, exploiting only the low-
   resolution depth map of the scene.  The investigation, based on the
   STMicroelectronics VL53L8CX 8 × 8 pixel ToF sensor, led to very high
   accuracy, together with unprecedented low power consumption, compactness,
   and real-time operation.  Indeed, the CNN classifies four objects even in
   the presence of partial occlusion and overlap, achieving an accuracy higher
   than 92% when an 8-bit posttraining quantization is used.  The derived
   architecture, implemented in skywater CMOS 130-nm technology, occupies less
   than 1mm2 of area, with a power consumption of about 11% of the overall
   power consumption of the sensor in ranging mode and consumes less than 80 nJ
   per inference with an inference time of 3.3 μs . © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network ( cnn ); hardware ( hw ) accelerator; object
   classification; time-of-flight ( tof ); tiny machine learning ( ml )
ID cmos integrated circuits; lunar landing; nasa; particle accelerators;
   convolutional neural network; design space exploration; hardware
   accelerators; object classification; resolution time; spatial resolution;
   time-of flight; time-of-flight; time-of-flight sensor; tinyml; convolutional
   neural networks

---

UT 4
AR Dupuis C, 2025, MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, P513, DOI
   10.1109/MWSCAS53549.2025.11244469
TI Tiny Machine Learning on Android Devices: Continuous Health Monitoring with
   Wearables
AU Dupuis C; Masum AKM; Najafi MH; Guler U; Aygun S
TC 0
SO MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2025
AB The growing use of wearable technology for health and activity tracking
   requires efficient machine learning (ML) models that can handle real-time
   data on low-power devices.  This paper investigates the potential efficiency
   improvements that Hyperdimensional Computing (HDC) offers compared to more
   established, conventional ML models.  These conventional models include SVM,
   MLP, and Random Forest models, all of which we implement within an Android
   WearOS application for comparison.  In such resource and power-constrained
   environments, even modest improvements in power efficiency can significantly
   impact the feasibility of real-time model deployment, particularly for
   applications such as activity trackers or health monitors, where fast
   execution is critical.  Accordingly, this study evaluates key metrics
   including model accuracy, CPU usage, memory usage, and especially power and
   battery usage.  The findings of this study indicate that HDC not only
   achieves competitive accuracy but also offers substantially higher
   computational efficiency compared to traditional models.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE android; hdc; health monitoring; wearables
ID computational efficiency; learning systems; machine learning; wearable
   computers; activity tracking; android; health monitoring; hyperdimensional
   computing; low power devices; machine learning models; machine learning;
   power; real-time data; wearable; android ( operating system )

---

UT 6
AR Khan M, 2025, S3 - PROC ACM WORK WIREL STUD STUD STUD, P13, DOI
   10.1145/3737898.3769042
TI The Early Prune Catches the Model: Enhancing CNN Training Efficiency with
   Early-Epoch Pruning
AU Khan M; Zuniga A; Tarkoma S; Nurmi P
TC 0
SO S3 - PROC ACM WORK WIREL STUD STUD STUD
PY 2025
AB Pruning convolutional neural networks traditionally involves computing
   channel importance scores after the model has been fully trained, a process
   that is both time-consuming and resource-intensive.  In this paper, we
   contribute a comparative study of early-epoch pruning, where pruning
   decisions are made during the training process, against conventional pruning
   conducted after full model training.  We evaluate two classes of pruning
   importance criteria: structural metrics, represented by batch normalization
   scale magnitudes, and data-driven metrics, represented by weight
   activations.  Our experiments, conducted on ResNet-10 using the CIFAR-10
   dataset, demonstrate that early-epoch pruning can yield significant resource
   savings while incurring only a moderate loss in model accuracy.  Our work
   demonstrates the potential of early pruning as a practical approach to
   accelerate model training, particularly for resource-constrained
   environments such as edge devices.  © 2025 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE cnns; energy efficient training; model compression; structured channel
   pruning; sustainable ai; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; energy efficiency; human engineering;
   information use; comparatives studies; convolutional neural network; energy
   efficient; energy efficient training; model compression; model training;
   structured channel pruning; sustainable ai; tinyml; training efficiency;
   scales ( weighing instruments )

---

UT 7
AR Zhang J/1, 2025, PROC INT CONF EDUC KNOWL MANAG ICEKIM, P729, DOI
   10.1145/3711875.3736684
TI Bringing Edge Intelligence to Wildlife Camera Traps with Hyperdimensional
   Computing
AU Zhang J/1; Jacques T; Chen J; Kapetanovic Z
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF EDUC KNOWL MANAG ICEKIM
PY 2025
AB We present a smart wildlife camera trap with an efficient image
   classification pipeline that can identify high-value animal images while
   filtering out those triggered by non-animal motion (e.g., moving vegetation
   and vehicles) or partial animal appearances.  To enable low-power, resource-
   efficient processing, we adopt hyperdimensional computing (HDC) techniques
   for image analysis.  Our evaluation shows that HDC is highly effective for
   such binary classification tasks.  We implement a hardware prototype that is
   able to autonomously process an image in ∼100 milliseconds with 3W max power
   consumption, enabling the possibility for grid independence and long-term
   operation.  The HDC algorithm achieves more than 88% accuracy on existing
   datasets and 91% accuracy in a real-time outdoor deployment when identifying
   animal presence, significantly reducing the number of false-positive image
   capture events.  This paper demonstrates the feasibility of HDC in low-power
   edge-computing applications like wildlife camera traps.  © 2025 Copyright is
   held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE hyperdimensional computing; internet of things; tinyml; wireless cameras
ID animals; computer vision; computing power; digital cameras; edge computing;
   image classification; animal images; animal motion; edge intelligence;
   hyperdimensional computing; images classification; low power; power
   resources; resource-efficient; tinyml; wireless cameras; internet of things

---

UT 8
AR Asai Y, 2025, INT CONF RECENT ADV INNOV ENG ADV TECHNOL SUSTAIN AUTOM FUTUR
   ICRAIE, P75, DOI 10.1109/ICRAIE65839.2025.11239153
TI Instruction Frequency-Based ALU Simplification on RISC-V for TinyML
AU Asai Y; Pang WL; Goh HH
TC 0
SO INT CONF RECENT ADV INNOV ENG ADV TECHNOL SUSTAIN AUTOM FUTUR ICRAIE
PY 2025
AB TinyML has gained significant attention for enabling machine learning
   inference on edge devices with limited resources.  In such contexts,
   minimizing power consumption and chip area is critical.  This study focuses
   on optimizing the Arithmetic Logic Unit (ALU) in RISC-V, leveraging its
   open-source and highly modular architecture.  An analysis of the impact of
   instruction usage frequency guides the optimization.  An extensive
   simulation was carried out.  A sine wave prediction model was trained and
   implemented on an RISC-V system using a C program.  Instruction usage was
   profiled using the Spike simulator.  The design was synthesized and
   evaluated on an Xilinx Artix-7 FPGA using Vivado, resulting in a 27%
   reduction in Look-Up Table (LUT) usage and a 13% reduction in static power.
   These results highlight the potential of application-driven optimization
   through instruction profiling in enhancing RISC-V architectures for TinyML
   applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE alu; microprocessor; risc-v; tinyml
ID c ( programming language ); integrated circuit design; learning systems;
   open source software; open systems; reduced instruction set computing;
   software design; table lookup; % reductions; arithmetic logic unit; chip
   areas; machine learning; modular architectures; open source; optimizations;
   power; risc-v; tinyml; microprocessor chips

---

UT 10
AR Nakhle F, 2025, COMPUT NEUROSCI, V19, DOI 10.3389/fncom.2025.1638782
TI Exploring subthreshold processing for next-generation TinyAI
AU Nakhle F; Harfouche AH; Karam H; Tserolas V
TC 0
SO COMPUT NEUROSCI
PY 2025
AB The energy demands of modern AI systems have reached unprecedented levels,
   driven by the rapid scaling of deep learning models, including large
   language models, and the inefficiencies of current computational
   architectures.  In contrast, biological neural systems operate with
   remarkable energy efficiency, achieving complex computations while consuming
   orders of magnitude less power.  A key mechanism enabling this efficiency is
   subthreshold processing, where neurons perform computations through graded,
   continuous signals below the spiking threshold, reducing energy costs.
   Despite its significance in biological systems, subthreshold processing
   remains largely overlooked in AI design.  This perspective explores how
   principles of subthreshold dynamics can inspire the design of novel AI
   architectures and computational methods as a step toward advancing TinyAI.
   We propose pathways such as algorithmic analogs of subthreshold integration,
   including graded activation functions, dendritic-inspired hierarchical
   processing, and hybrid analog-digital systems to emulate the energy-
   efficient operations of biological neurons.  We further explore neuromorphic
   and compute-in-memory hardware platforms that could support these
   operations, and propose a design stack aligned with the efficiency and
   adaptability of the brain.  By integrating subthreshold dynamics into AI
   architecture, this work provides a roadmap toward sustainable, responsive,
   and accessible intelligence for resource-constrained environments.
   Copyright © 2025 Nakhle, Harfouche, Karam and Tserolas.
DE dendritic processing; energy efficiency; graded activations; hybrid analog-
   digital systems; neuromorphic computing; subthreshold processing;
   sustainable ai design; tiny ai
ID activation energy; bioinformatics; biological systems; brain; computational
   efficiency; dynamics; energy utilization; green computing; learning systems;
   memory architecture; neural networks; neurons; sustainable development;
   dendritic processing; dendritics; digital system; energy; graded activation;
   hybrid analog-digital system; neuromorphic computing; subthreshold;
   subthreshold processing; sustainable ai design; tiny ai; article; deep
   learning; energy cost; energy demand; hybrid; large language model; energy
   efficiency

---

UT 12
AR Shi Y/2, 2025, IEEE INT WORK MACH LEARN SIGNAL PROCESS MLSP, DOI
   10.1109/MLSP62443.2025.11204322
TI Data Aware Differentiable Neural Architecture Search for Tiny Keyword
   Spotting Applications
AU Shi Y/2; Njor E; Martínez-Nuevo P; Shepstone SE; Fafoutis X
TC 0
SO IEEE INT WORK MACH LEARN SIGNAL PROCESS MLSP
PY 2025
AB The success of Machine Learning is increasingly tempered by its significant
   resource footprint, driving interest in efficient paradigms like TinyML.
   However, the inherent complexity of designing TinyML systems hampers their
   broad adoption.  To reduce this complexity, we introduce 'Data Aware
   Differentiable Neural Architecture Search'. Unlike conventional
   Differentiable Neural Architecture Search, our approach expands the search
   space to include data configuration parameters alongside architectural
   choices.  This enables Data Aware Differentiable Neural Architecture Search
   to cooptimize model architecture and input data characteristics, effectively
   balancing resource usage and system performance for TinyML applications.
   Initial results on keyword spotting demonstrate that this novel approach to
   TinyML system design can generate lean but highly accurate systems.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE automl; data-centric ai; neural architecture search; tinyml
ID architecture; artificial intelligence; computer architecture; learning
   systems; systems analysis; automl; data-centric; data-centric ai; inherent
   complexity; keyword spotting; machine learning; neural architecture search;
   neural architectures; search spaces; tinyml; search engines

---

UT 13
AR Oliveira J, 2025, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
TI TinyKubeML: Orchestrating TinyML Models on Far-Edge Clusters
AU Oliveira J; Rego F; Sousa F; Almeida L
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2025
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) is rapidly materializing, but the growing
   volume of data generated by Far-Edge devices, often microcontroller-based,
   poses challenges for cloud-centric processing.  TinyML addresses this
   challenge by enabling on-deviceMLinference, thereby reducing communication
   latency and cost.  However, current solutions largely overlook deployment
   and management challenges, especially in heterogeneous, resource-constrained
   environments.  This paper introduces TinyKubeML, a Kubernetes-based
   framework that enables resource-aware deployment of TinyML models on Far-
   Edge clusters.  It abstracts device heterogeneity and automates model
   partitioning, artifact generation, and deployment using a custom Kubernetes
   Operator.  TinyKubeML supports distributed inference and includes recovery
   mechanisms to ensure service continuity.  Our evaluation shows that
   TinyKubeML can deploy distributed models efficiently with minimal impact on
   accuracy, while supporting automatic recovery in the case of device
   failures, demonstrating its potential to bridge the gap between scalable
   orchestration and TinyML deployment in IoT scenarios.  © 2026, Junction
   Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE distributed tinyml; far-edge device management; internet of things
   orchestration

---

UT 16
AR Pathak L/1, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT TELECOMMUN SYST CITS, DOI
   10.1109/CITS65975.2025.11099309
TI TeleSure: TinyML-Based Framework for Secure UAV Delivery in Telesurgery
   Systems with 5G
AU Pathak L/1; Obaidat MS; Vasava K; Ruparelia V; Shah S; Gupta R; Tanwar S;
   Hsiao K-F
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT TELECOMMUN SYST CITS
PY 2025
AB In today's advanced telesurgery systems, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs)
   have significant importance in timely and secure conveying of important
   medical items.  As 5G networks are integrated in these systems, their
   connectivity, low latency and high data rate enable real time UAV
   operations.  However, UAVs have always been exposed to multiple cyber
   threats including False Data Injection (FDI) and Evil Twin attacks, which
   act as an inhibitor to the reliable and secure communication process.  In
   view of this challenge, we advance a lightweight and secure delivery
   framework exploit TinyML, a superior machine learning solution for
   constrained devices.  The framework combines attack classification models:
   LSTM, GRU, and Tiny ML; optimizers: Adam, Nadam, and RMSProp.  The system
   detects malicious actions with high accuracy.  Experimental results show
   that the TinyML has better performance validations with an accuracy of up to
   95.39% and low validations loss while using a model of about 20 KB. Taking
   advantage of the enhanced capabilities of 5G networks for UAV operations,
   the proposed system provides priority based ground UAV delivery and
   resilience against cyber attacks making it suitable for telesurgical
   operations in scarce resource settings.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 5g; attack classification; communication; cybersecurity; lightweight machine
   learning; telesurgery; tinyml; uav
ID computer crime; computer networks; crime; cryptography; cybersecurity;
   distributed computer systems; learning systems; machine learning; network
   security; secure communication; 5g; aerial vehicle; attack classifications;
   cyber security; lightweight machine learning; lightweight machines; machine
   learning; telesurgery; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle; unmanned aerial
   vehicles ( uav )

---

UT 17
AR Gong T, 2025, IEEE TRANS MOB COMPUT, V24, P9319, DOI
   10.1109/TMC.2025.3564314
TI Synergy: Towards On-Body AI via Tiny AI Accelerator Collaboration on
   Wearables
AU Gong T; Jang S; Acer UG; Kawsar F; Min C
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS MOB COMPUT
PY 2025
AB The advent of tiny artificial intelligence (AI) accelerators enables AI to
   run at the extreme edge, offering reduced latency, lower power cost, and
   improved privacy.  When integrated into wearable devices, these accelerators
   open exciting opportunities, allowing various AI apps to run directly on the
   body.  We present Synergy that provides AI apps with best-effort performance
   via system-driven holistic collaboration over AI accelerator-equipped
   wearables.  To achieve this, Synergy provides device-agnostic programming
   interfaces to AI apps, giving the system visibility and controllability over
   the app's resource use.  Then, Synergy maximizes the inference throughput of
   concurrent AI models by creating various execution plans for each app
   considering AI accelerator availability and intelligently selecting the best
   set of execution plans.  Synergy further improves throughput by leveraging
   parallelization opportunities over multiple computation units.  Our
   evaluations with 7 baselines and 8 models demonstrate that, on average,
   Synergy achieves a 23.0× improvement in throughput, while reducing latency
   by 73.9% and power consumption by 15.8%, compared to the baselines.  ©
   2002-2012 IEEE.
DE accelerator composition; on-body ai; tiny ai accelerator; wearables
ID application programs; accelerator composition; execution plans; low power;
   on-body; on-body artificial intelligence; power costs; reduced latencies;
   tiny artificial intelligence accelerator; wearable; wearable devices;
   particle accelerator accessories

---

UT 18
AR Dhanaraj RK, 2025, ICT EXPRESS, DOI 10.1016/j.icte.2025.08.010
TI Adaptive few-shot tiny neural systems for real-time traffic intensity
   prediction in smart cities
AU Dhanaraj RK; Muthusamy M; Sureshkumar A; Paramasivam BS; Pamucar D
TC 0
SO ICT EXPRESS
PY 2025
AB The rapid evolution of urban mobility and smart city demands an intelligent
   transportation system which can make real-time decisions using lightweight
   and adaptive AI models.  This research introduces a novel application of
   tiny machine learning which will combine the features of Few-shot learning
   algorithm and it will classify the traffic intensity levels on regional
   traffic data.  By converting the traffic volume into three dynamic classes
   (Low/ Medium/ High), a compact neural network model is trained on episodic
   few-shot tasks that can mimic real-world low-data learning conditions.  The
   proposed work supports open set classification which is more suitable for
   detecting unknown traffic behavior analysis by considering the previous day
   traffic level and how the future traffic intensity level can be predicted
   effectively.  The accuracy of the proposed method is compared with the
   existing methods which lie with the baseline CNN (90 %) and SVM (89 %). But
   the average episode accuracy achieved through the proposed model is 95.2 %
   which makes this model promising for low-power edge deployment in
   intelligent transportation system.  © 2025 The Author(s)
DE few-shot learning; intelligent transportation system; location based data;
   smart cities; tinyml

---

UT 19
AR Modran HA, 2025, IEEE CONF STAND COMMUN NETW CSCN, DOI
   10.1109/CSCN67557.2025.11230707
TI Quantifying Energy-Accuracy-Latency Trade-offs in Cloud-Offloaded and On-
   Device TinyML Inference on IoT Devices
AU Modran HA; Danciu GM
TC 0
SO IEEE CONF STAND COMMUN NETW CSCN
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a comprehensive evaluation of energy-accuracy-latency
   trade-offs for human-activity recognition on the Arduino Nano RP2040
   Connect, using only its on-board LSM6DSOX IMU and Wi-Fi and 5G radios.  A
   quantized 1D CNN (~ 10 k parameters) and a larger variant (~ 20 k
   parameters) are implemented both on-device via TensorFlow-Lite Micro and
   off-loaded via HTTPS to an Azure Function.  Experiments systematically vary
   model size, Wi-Fi RSSI (-30 dBm to -80 dBm), and server region (Europe vs.
   US), logging microsecond-resolution timestamps for feature extraction,
   inference, and communication.  On-device inference yields latencies of
   6.5-7.2 ms and energy use of 0.18-0.21 J with accuracies of 97.5 % (tiny)
   and 99.0 % (small). Cloud-offload over Wi-Fi in Europe reduces energy to
   0.05 J at ~ 95 ms latency with 97.8 % and 99.2 % accuracy, degrading to 0.28
   J/275 ms under weak signal to US. Pareto-front analyses identify optimal
   operating points, offering clear guidelines for mode and model selection in
   energy-constrained IoT deployments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 5g; cloud offloading; human activity recognition; iot; quantization; tinyml
ID energy utilization; green computing; internet of things; pareto principle;
   pattern recognition; 5g; cloud offloading; comprehensive evaluation; energy;
   human activity recognition; iot; quantization; tinyml; trade off; wi-fi;
   economic and social effects

---

UT 21
AR Manca E, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P208533, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3641382
TI Accelerating Mixed-Precision QNN Inference on RISC-V MCUs With the STAR-MAC
   Unit
AU Manca E; Urbinati L; Casu MR
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB The demand for efficient edge machine learning (ML) in Internet of Things
   (IoT) applications has driven interest in Microcontroller Unit (MCU)-based
   TinyML solutions, especially with the rise of RISC-V. Although MCUs are
   power efficient, their limited resources challenge the deployment of complex
   ML models.  Mixed-Precision Quantization (MPQ) offers the best trade-off
   between model size, energy consumption, and accuracy, by using different
   weights and activations precision across model layers.  Recently, an
   increasing interest in hardware support for Mixed-Precision Quantized
   Neural-Networks (MP-QNN) in MCU-class processors has emerged.  In this
   paper, we present a novel precision-scalable Multiply-and-Accumulate (MAC)
   unit, named STAR-MAC, that supports MPQ on 16-, 8- and 4-bit integers.
   Combining Sum-Together and Sum-Apart subword-parallel multiplications in a
   reconfigurable architecture, STAR-MAC accelerates Fully-Connected,
   2D-Convolution, and Depth-wise layers.  We integrate STAR-MAC into the low-
   power RISC-V Ibex core and validate it on the four MLPerf Tiny MP-QNN models
   trained with QKeras and using a modified TensorFlow Lite for
   Microcontrollers (TFLM) enhanced with MPQ kernels, that we open-source.
   Compared to the 8-bit standard TFLM runtime, all this combined hardware-
   software approach results in a FlatBuffer smaller by 27%, an average latency
   reduction of 68% across the four MLPerf Tiny models—measured on a Field-
   Programmable Gate Array(FPGA)-based System-on-Chip setup—, and a negligible
   accuracy loss on the corresponding test sets.  Synthesis on 28-nm CMOS
   technology shows that our STAR-based Ibex has the highest energy efficiency
   per unit of Silicon area (175.7 GOPS/W/mm2 at 4-bit) among various MPQ
   processors, with limited overhead over the original Ibex (+12.2% area, +7.3%
   power). Our solution enables low-power, low-latency inference of MP-QNNs on
   IoT nodes.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE mixed precision quantization; precision-scalable mac unit; quantized neural
   networks; risc-v; tensorflow lite for microcontrollers; tinyml
ID computer hardware; cost reduction; energy efficiency; energy utilization;
   low power electronics; machine learning; microcontrollers; neural networks;
   parallel architectures; reconfigurable architectures; reduced instruction
   set computing; software testing; stars; system-on-chip; tensors; mixed
   precision; mixed precision quantization; multiply-and-accumulate; neural
   networks; precision-scalable multiply-and-accumulate unit; quantization;
   quantized neural network; risc-v; tensorflow lite for microcontroller;
   tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 23
AR Chen MS, 2025, PROC IEEE GAMES ENTERTAIN MEDIA CONF GEM, DOI
   10.1109/GEM66882.2025.11155621
TI Low-Power Edge AI-Based Color Ball Detection on Microcontrollers for Gaming
   Machines
AU Chen MS; Tsai TH
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE GAMES ENTERTAIN MEDIA CONF GEM
PY 2025
AB Edge AI has emerged as a promising alternative to cloud-based computing for
   real-time object detection, particularly in resource-constrained
   environments.  In this study, we propose a color ball detection system based
   on TinierSSD, optimized for deployment on MAX78000 DNN accelerator.  A
   custom dataset comprising 2400 images was constructed and utilized for model
   training, followed by 8-bit quantization and generation of embedded C code.
   The final model has a compact size of only 300 KB, enabling efficient
   deployment on memory-limited hardware.  The system was evaluated in real-
   time with a built-in camera module, achieving an inference time of 13.8 ms
   and an ultra-low power consumption of 354 μJ per inference, while
   maintaining an mAP of 76.2%. These results demonstrate the feasibility of
   deploying low-power deep learning models for real-time applications in
   gaming machines.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge device; gaming machine; microcontroller; object detection; tinyml
ID c ( programming language ); deep learning; edge computing; edge detection;
   learning systems; object recognition; ball detection; cloud-based computing;
   detection system; edge device; gaming machines; low power; model training;
   objects detection; real- time; tinyml; microcontrollers; object detection

---

UT 26
AR Gulatas I, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P95524, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3573942
TI I-MCM: IoT Malware Counter Measures for Cross-Architecture IoT Malware
   Detection
AU Gulatas I; Hakan Kilinc H; Halim Zaim A; Ali Aydin M
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB The recent attacks initiated by malware-infected IoT devices illustrate that
   these attacks have tremendous impacts not only on the targeted systems but
   also on the entire internet infrastructure.  Due to the vast number of
   infected IoT devices, the Quality of Service of the target system can be
   severely hampered by DDoS attacks.  Despite the severity of the threat, the
   security measures against IoT malware are highly limited, and mostly, users
   are unaware that their devices are infected by malware.  Due to the
   constrained nature of IoT devices, high-resource-demanding anti-malware
   tools cannot be run on edge devices, and lightweight malware detection
   systems are highly needed to secure those devices against IoT malware.  In
   this regard, we propose the I-MCM framework for IoT malware detection on IoT
   devices by utilizing Tiny ML techniques based on static malware analysis
   data.  Our proposed I-MCM framework is capable of detecting IoT malware in a
   Raspberry Pi Node deployed with Random Forest Classifier in 7.87 s.
   (including file analysis and data preprocessing) with 99.8% accuracy and in
   an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense microcontroller deployed with a Tiny ANN model
   in 8.16 s.  (including file analysis and data preprocessing) with 97.1%
   accuracy.  Besides, the I-MCM framework can detect IoT malware regardless of
   CPU architecture with only one ML model by utilizing our Opcode Purification
   Technique.  Last but not least, this research presents a cross-architecture
   IoT Malware dataset that includes both malware and benignware samples.  ©
   2013 IEEE.
DE internet of things ( iot ); iot malware; malware detection; static malware
   analysis; tiny machine learning
ID computer worms; denial-of-service attack; electronic crime countermeasures;
   network security; counter measures; data pre-processing; internet of thing;
   internet of thing  malware; machine learning; malware analysis; malware
   detection; malwares; static malware analyze; tiny machine learning; computer
   viruses

---

UT 27
AR [Anonymous], 2025, INT CONF AUTOM COMPUT RENEW SYST ICACRS - PROC, P354, DOI
   10.1109/ICACRS67045.2025.11324407
TI Low-Power TinyML CNN Accelerator using Integrated Clock Gating for Edge
   Devices
TC 0
SO INT CONF AUTOM COMPUT RENEW SYST ICACRS - PROC
PY 2025
AB In this work, a compact low-power convolutional neural network (CNN)
   hardware accelerator is developed for TinyML-based edge AI systems.  The
   design applies integrated clock gating (ICG) using Synopsys EDA tools, where
   gating decisions are guided by real switching activity captured in SAIF
   files.  This approach effectively reduces dynamic power without affecting
   timing or area efficiency.  The Verilog RTL architecture includes modules
   such as a line buffer, adaptive multiplier supporting exact and approximate
   modes, ReLU, pooling, and automated clock control.  When synthesized with a
   45 nm standard-cell library, the proposed accelerator achieved 38.2% lower
   dynamic power and an improved timing slack of 3.41 ns.  Functional
   correctness was verified through simulation and waveform inspection,
   confirming the design's reliability.  The overall methodology is
   reproducible and suitable for energy-constrained IoT and always-on
   microcontroller platforms.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE clock gating; cnn accelerator; edge ai; low power; saif; synopsys design
   compiler; tinyml; verilog; vlsi
ID acceleration; clocks; computer aided design; computer hardware description
   languages; convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; integrated
   circuit design; memory architecture; program compilers; rhenium alloys;
   clock-gatings; convolutional neural network; convolutional neural network
   accelerator; design compiler; edge ai; low power; saif; synopsys; synopsys
   design compiler; tinyml; vlsi; low power electronics; vlsi circuits

---

UT 28
AR Luong-Cong D, 2025, INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB, P523, DOI
   10.1109/ATIGB66719.2025.11142208
TI A Compact Dual-IMU Fall Detection Model for TinyML Deployment at Low
   Sampling Rates
AU Luong-Cong D; Nguyen-Ngoc M
TC 0
SO INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB
PY 2025
AB Falls in the elderly pose a significant health risk, necessitating reliable,
   real-time detection systems suitable for efficient operation on wearable
   devices.  This paper introduces a lightweight fall detection solution
   employing dual IMUs at the waist and thigh, operating at a low 20Hz sampling
   rate for TinyML platform deployment.  The system extracts angular velocity
   and Root Mean Square (RMS) features, processed by a compact Convolutional
   Neural Network (CNN) with integrated 1D and 2D layers to discern temporal
   and inter-sensor motion patterns.  On a public dataset of 21,847 windows,
   the dual-IMU configuration achieved a compelling F1-score of 0.9522 and a
   recall of 0.9733, significantly outperforming single-sensor approaches.
   Crucially, the model demonstrates high efficiency, requiring less than 130KB
   of flash memory (97KB on STM32F407) and performing inference in under 60ms
   (36ms on STM32F407) on typical microcontrollers.  These findings affirm the
   feasibility of accurate, responsive fall detection on resource-constrained
   embedded systems without demanding high sampling frequencies or overly
   complex architectures.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE dual imus; fall detection; low-frequency sampling; on-device inference;
   tinyml; wearable sensors
ID convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; fall detection; flash
   memory; real-time systems; time and motion study; wearable sensors;
   detection models; dual imu; fall detection; falls in the elderlies;
   frequency sampling; low-frequency sampling; lower frequencies; on-device
   inference; sampling rates; tinyml; health risks

---

UT 30
AR Nisha KL, 2025, IAES INT J ARTIF INTELL, V14, P3858, DOI
   10.11591/ijai.v14.i5.pp3858-3868
TI Optimizing battery life: a TinyML approach to lithium-ion battery health
   monitoring
AU Nisha KL; Pradeep V; Nair PPK; Pillai S; Arunachalam M; Babu RTS
TC 0
SO IAES INT J ARTIF INTELL
PY 2025
AB Electrical vehicles (EVs) are crucial nowadays due to their reduction in
   greenhouse gas emissions, decreasing dependence on remnant fuels, and
   improving air quality.  For EVs, the battery is the heart that determines
   range, performance, and efficiency.  Also, it directly impacts the cost and
   overall vehicle life span.  Lithium-ion (Li-ion) batteries are pivotal in
   powering modern portable electronics and electric vehicles due to their high
   energy density and durability.  Issues with current batteries include slow
   charging, short cycles, and low energy density.  Most of the problems with
   current batteries are resolved by Li-ion batteries, which also helps explain
   why EV usage is increasing globally.  However, to guarantee maximum
   performance and safety, estimating the remaining useful life and health
   state of these batteries remains a major difficulty.  To improve battery
   lifetime of the battery and to overcome the problems of delayed charging,
   this study introduces a tiny machine learning (TinyML) method.  An
   innovative machine learning approach is put forth that allows for effective
   learning on devices with limited resources, which enables real-time
   monitoring of the health status of the Li-ion batteries.  © 2025, Institute
   of Advanced Engineering and Science.  All rights reserved.
DE battery capacity prediction; charge estimation; esp32; lithium-ion; tinyml

---

UT 31
AR Khalid N, 2025, PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS, DOI
   10.1109/EMBC58623.2025.11253875
TI Knowledge Distillation-Based TinyML Model for Breast Cancer Detection Using
   Real and Wasserstein GAN-Generated Microwave Imaging Data
AU Khalid N; Dagli C; Obafemi-Ajayi T; Wunsch D II
TC 0
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) offers a trans-formative approach to
   efficient, intelligent cancer diagnostics on edge devices.  However,
   designing optimized TinyML models for breast cancer diagnosis using
   Microwave Imaging datasets remains a challenge due to domain-specific
   customization requirements.  To address this, we propose a novel Knowledge
   Distillation framework, where a teacher model, built using residual
   convolutional neural networks, transfers its knowledge to a lightweight
   student model, enhancing efficiency while maintaining high accuracy.  The
   teacher model achieves a 95.42% accuracy on test data.  Through knowledge
   distillation, the student model attains 95.32% accuracy while achieving a
   96% reduction in model size, significantly enhancing computational
   efficiency without compromising performance.  Without distillation, the
   student model reaches a testing accuracy of 86.5%. A major contribution of
   this work is the generation of a high-quality synthetic breast cancer
   dataset to address the scarcity of microwave imaging data.  We employ a
   Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Network with Gradient Penalty (WGAN-GP)
   to synthesize realistic breast cancer scans, ensuring reliability through
   rigorous validation with a one-class Support Vector Machine.  By training
   all models on a combination of real and synthetic datasets, our approach
   enhances robustness, making TinyML-powered breast cancer detection more
   viable for real-world deployment.Clinical RelevanceThis work enables
   efficient, accurate breast cancer detection on edge devices, supporting
   early diagnosis in clinical settings.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE breast cancer; deep learning; tinyml; tumor detection
ID algorithms; breast neoplasms; female; humans; image processing computer-
   assisted; machine learning; microwave imaging; microwaves; neural networks
   computer; reproducibility of results; computational efficiency; diagnosis;
   diseases; distillation; imaging systems; learning systems; medical imaging;
   students; teaching; breast cancer; breast cancer detection; deep learning;
   imaging data; machine learning models; machine learning; microwave imaging;
   student modeling; tiny machine learning; tumor detection; algorithm;
   artificial neural network; breast tumor; diagnosis; diagnostic imaging;
   female; human; image processing; machine learning; microwave imaging;
   microwave radiation; procedures; reproducibility; deep learning

---

UT 37
AR Vaddeboina M, 2025, J CIRCUITS SYST COMPUT, V34, DOI
   10.1142/S0218126625430029
TI Exploring Hardware-Efficient Architectures of Golomb–Rice Decoder for TinyML
   Applications
AU Vaddeboina M; Yilmazer A; Ecker W
TC 0
SO J CIRCUITS SYST COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have revolutionized Artificial Intelligence (AI)
   applications by tackling real-world problems.  Yet, their deployment on
   Internet of Things (IoT) edge devices remains challenging due to limited
   resources.  The energy-intensive process of accessing millions of parameters
   during DNN inference has become a significant bottleneck.  While weight
   compression offers a potential solution, existing hardware decompression
   units struggle to maintain power, area, energy efficiency.  This research
   introduces two innovative decoders: an Interleaved-memory-based Parallel
   (ImbP) GR decoder and a scalable Tree-Unary-based Parallel (TubP) GR
   decoder.  By integrating these decoders with an industrial-strength Neural
   Network (NN) accelerator, their performance was evaluated using three TinyML
   benchmarks.  Comparative analysis revealed that the TuP GR decoder
   outperforms the ImP GR decoder regarding performance metrics and hardware
   efficiency.  The scalable TubP GR decoder achieves remarkable efficiency,
   offering 4-weight and 8-weight decoding capabilities that consume 0.43mW and
   0.79mW, respectively, while delivering impressive throughput rates of
   888MBps and 1.3GBps.  © 2025 World Scientific Publishing Company.
DE deep neural networks; golomb-rice coding; internet of things; neural network
   accelerators; parallel decoders
ID benchmarking; computer hardware; decoding; energy efficiency; internet of
   things; memory architecture; network architecture; efficient architecture;
   energy; golomb-rice coding; network inference; neural network accelerator;
   neural networks; parallel decoder; real-world problem; rice coding; deep
   neural networks

---

UT 38
AR Garofalo A, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P8, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2025.3573686
TI Leveraging RISC-V for HW/SW Codesign of Flexible and Efficient TinyML SoCs
AU Garofalo A; Benini L
TC 0
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB Editor's notes: This keynote article presents a comprehensive and impactful
   contribution to energy-efficient TinyML through the design of domain-
   specific RISC-V instruction set architecture (ISA) extensions for Edge AI
   workloads.  The authors provide detailed hardware-software codesign
   contributions, including sub-byte SIMD arithmetic, fused mac-load
   operations, and vector lockstep execution within tightly coupled compute
   clusters.  This keynote exemplifies the potential of open ISAs and
   specialized microarchitectures to advance the next generation of TinyML and
   Edge AI systems.  - Theocharis Theocharides, University of Cyprus, Cyprus -
   Marian Verhelst, KU Leuven, Belgium - Vijay Janapa Reddy, Harvard
   University, USA - Evgeni Gousev, Qualcomm, USA  © 2025 IEEE. All rights
   reserved, including rights for text and data mining, and training of
   artificial intelligence and similar technologies.
DE custom isa extensions; embedded systems for ai; risc-v; tinyml
ID integrated circuit layout; intellectual property core; printed circuit
   design; reduced instruction set computing; system-on-chip; computing
   efficiency; custom instruction; custom instruction set architecture
   extension; embedded-system for artificial intelligence; embedded-system;
   energy; instruction set architecture; neural networks; risc-v; tinyml; fixed
   point arithmetic

---

UT 39
AR De Araújo Silva AE, 2025, INT SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT, DOI
   10.1109/SIoT68426.2025.11368785
TI Edge AI Smart Cane for Real-Time Indoor Localization and Vision-Based
   Obstacle Detection
AU De Araújo Silva AE; Simão GS; Da Silva PL; De Araújo LM; Da Silva Moreira C;
   De Vasconcelos Lima TL
TC 0
SO INT SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a Smart Cane enabled with Edge AI leveraging a dual
   microcontroller architecture: an ESP32 for indoor location based on Wi-Fi
   fingerprinting and an ESP32-CAM for obstacle detection driven by vision on
   the device - and a 3D printed adapter that can be mounted on any standard
   cane.  The ESP32 executes lightweight random forest classifiers trained on
   RSSI fingerprints for room-level positioning, achieving 93.8% overall
   accuracy across twenty-one distinct indoor environments.  Concurrently, the
   ESP32-CAM runs a TinyML inference engine to identify common indoor hazards,
   yielding an overall classification F1 score of 97.9%. Fully on-device
   inference ensures minimal latency and resilience to network disruptions,
   demonstrating the viability of scalable, low-power Edge AI architectures in
   assistive mobility aids.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE assistive mobility aid; edge ai; smart cane; tinyml; wi-fi fingerprinting
ID computer vision; indoor positioning systems; inference engines; network
   architecture; palmprint recognition; wi-fi; assistive mobilities; assistive
   mobility aid; edge ai; indoor localization; mobility aids; obstacles
   detection; real- time; smart canes; tinyml; wi-fi fingerprinting; obstacle
   detectors

---

UT 42
AR Austria P, 2025, PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF, DOI
   10.1109/DCAS65331.2025.11045487
TI The Effects of Compounded Model Size Reductions on Adversarial Robustness
AU Austria P; Begoli E; Sadovnik A
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF
PY 2025
AB Recent advances in Edge AI and Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) have enabled
   the deployment of machine learning models on resource-constrained
   environments.  However, deploying these models on edge devices, such as
   micro-controllers, requires significant model footprint reduction through a
   variety of techniques such as quantization, pruning, and clustering.  While
   these optimization methods offer considerable advantages, they potentially
   introduce AI-related security vulnerabilities, particularly concerning model
   robustness with respect to adversarial AI attacks.  Prior research has
   extensively examined the impact of quantization on adversarial robustness;
   however, the effects of alternative reduction techniques and their
   combinations remain understudied.  This paper investigates the impact of
   model size reduction techniques on adversarial robustness, when applied
   individually and combined.  We utilized Fast Gradient Sign Method (FGSM) and
   Projected Gradient Descent (PGD) attacks to generate adversarial
   perturbations for both training and testing data, and then evaluated the
   models' accuracy under adversarial training conditions.  Our findings
   revealed that reduction techniques generally diminished robustness;
   although, combining techniques was not found to make robustness any worse
   than when applied individually.  Moreover, specific techniques can
   potentially enhance resistance to small size perturbations.  This research
   provides insights into the trade-offs between model size reduction and
   security, establishing a foundation for future investigations into improving
   adversarial training techniques and methodologies for maintaining robustness
   while preserving memory footprint benefits.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE adversarial robustness; clustering; edge ai; pruning; quantization; tinyml;
   weight sharing
ID adversarial machine learning; gradient methods; learning systems; machine
   learning; network security; optimization; reduction; robustness ( control
   systems ); size determination; adversarial robustness; clusterings; edge ai;
   machine learning; model size reductions; pruning; quantization; reduction
   techniques; tinyml; weight sharing; economic and social effects

---

UT 43
AR Grzymkowski L, 2025, MIX DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST MIX, P45, DOI
   10.23919/MIXDES66264.2025.11092258
TI Anomaly Detection on the Edge: Comparison of Reconstruction and
   Classification Based Approaches
AU Grzymkowski L; Cejrowski T; Stefanski TP
TC 0
SO MIX DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST MIX
PY 2025
AB In this work we discuss and evaluate different approaches to solving anomaly
   detection task when the target platform is a tiny microcontroller.  We
   investigate modeling techniques and propose a comprehensive set of
   measurements to analyze performance, compute and memory requirements, and
   power efficiency.  We run experiments to collect these measurements on
   platforms used in TinyML systems including Cortex-M7, Cortex-M55 and
   Ethos-U55 running TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers.  The measurements
   are collected for an autoencoder in reconstruction-based anomaly detection
   and a MobileNetV2-like model trained for classification.  We show which
   approach is more suitable depending on the system requirements and
   constraints.  This work underscores the need for a holistic approach in
   selecting modeling and deployment strategies, providing empirical evidence
   to guide the development of efficient on-device anomaly detection systems.
   © 2025 Lodz University of Technology.
DE anomaly detection; edge computing; embedded software; sound recognition;
   tiny machine learning
ID artificial intelligence; embedded software; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; requirements engineering; anomaly detection; cortexes;
   detection tasks; edge comparison; edge computing; machine learning; modeling
   techniques; performance requirements; sound recognition; tiny machine
   learning; anomaly detection

---

UT 45
AR El-Amarty N, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1313 LNNS, P376, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-94623-3_33
TI Solar Energy Forecasting Using TinyML Techniques: A Comprehensive Survey
AU El-Amarty N; Chekira C; El Fadili H; Bennani SD
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB The increasing deployment of photovoltaic (PV) systems requires accurate
   solar energy forecasting to improve grid stability, optimize energy storage,
   and improve energy management.  Traditional solar energy prediction models
   often require significant computational resources, making them impractical
   for deployment on edge devices in remote or resource-constrained
   environments.  Tiny Machine Learning (tinyML) is emerging as a promising
   solution, providing low-power, real-time forecasting capabilities on edge
   devices.  This review comprehensively investigates the application of tinyML
   models in solar irradiance and PV power forecasting.  It examines various
   model types, input features, forecasting horizons, edge devices,
   optimization techniques, and practical deployment considerations.  The
   objective is to identify prevailing trends, obstacles, and opportunities
   within this domain.  Ultimately, this research contributes to advancing
   solar energy forecasting technologies and their practical implementation
   through the development of efficient and accurate tinyML approaches.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE grid integration; machine learning; renewable energy; resource-constrained
   environments; solar energy forecasting; tinyml
ID forecasting; machine learning; optimization; solar energy; energy; energy
   forecasting; grid integration; grid stability; machine learning;
   photovoltaic systems; renewable energies; resource-constrained environment;
   solar energy forecasting; tinyml; solar power generation

---

UT 47
AR Cojbasic E, 2025, IEEE INT CONF MICROELECTRON MIEL - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/MIEL66332.2025.11261081
TI Comparison of Different TinyML Implementations for an Industrial Control
   System
AU Cojbasic E; Rancic D; Jovanovic A; Sibinovic V; Cojbasic Z
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF MICROELECTRON MIEL - PROC
PY 2025
AB Requirements regarding security, trustworthiness and low latency in modern
   industrial control and robotic systems have led to implemented machine
   learning solutions considerably shifting from cloud computing to edge
   computing.  In this context, the emerging concepts of Edge Artificial
   Intelligence and Tiny Machine Learning are becoming essential for
   implementing machine learning based industrial control solutions using
   resource-constrained devices.  In this paper Tiny Machine Learning is used
   to solve the industrial control problem of apple classification using two
   small edge devices.  Several versions are compared while presented
   experimental results and comparisons with our previously published results
   demonstrate that Tiny Machine Learning can provide a viable solution even
   for complex industrial grade control problems in the food industry.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE apple classification; control systems; edge artificial intelligence; food
   industry; industrial control; tiny machine learning
ID edge computing; food industry; industrial management; intelligent control;
   intelligent robots; intelligent systems; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; machine learning; network security; trusted computing; apple
   classification; control problems; edge artificial intelligence; food
   industries; industrial control systems; industrial controls; industrial
   robotic systems; low latency; machine learning; tiny machine learning;
   control systems

---

UT 48
AR Shah Y, 2025, IEEE INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN TECHNOL CONECCT, DOI
   10.1109/CONECCT65861.2025.11306897
TI LakshyA: Lightweight TinyML-based Framework for Securing Battlefield UAV
   Networks With 5G
AU Shah Y; Vasava K; Pathak L/1; Pathak L; Jash K; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN TECHNOL CONECCT
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces a 5G-enabled TinyML framework for UAV communication in
   the Internet of Battlefield Things (IoBT) to detect and classify cyber-
   attacks on UAV networks.  Based on this framework, the traffic analysis of
   UAV networks splits the traffic into benign traffic, DoS, and replay attacks
   in order to enhance safe real-time communication in changing battle fields.
   The models considered include Support Vector Machine (SVM), Gradient
   Boosting, TinyML, 1D Convolutional Neural Network (1D CNN), Long Short-Term
   Memory (LSTM), Gated Recurrent Units (GRU). TinyML achieves 93.32% accuracy,
   closely matching 1D CNN with 93.48% however the proposed model takes only
   50KB against the 250KB of 1D CNN and is therefore suitable for resource
   scarce UAVs.  Though TinyML takes slightly longer processing time (37.83s)
   than 1D CNN(26.09s) it is comparatively faster than LSTM(69.18s) and GRU
   (74.16 s). In essence, this framework makes use of 5 G connectivity to
   foster low latency communication in the identification of attacks and
   realize a solution to support real-time decision making on improving
   security in the IoBT through the use of UAVs.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 5g; accuracy; attack classification; dos attack; edge computing; internet of
   battlefield things; model size; replay attack; tinyml; training time; uav
   communication
ID convolutional neural networks; data communication systems; decision making;
   denial-of-service attack; internet of things; long short-term memory;
   network security; support vector machines; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav );
   5g; accuracy; attack classifications; edge computing; internet of
   battlefield thing; model size; replay attack; tinyml; training time; uav
   communication; edge computing

---

UT 49
AR Karisan S, 2025, INT CONF POWER ENERGY INNOV ICPEI - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICPEI66116.2025.11282767
TI TinyML-Driven Decision Algorithm for Load Redistribution and Supercapacitor-
   Based Support in Power Systems
AU Karisan S; Rojchaya S
TC 0
SO INT CONF POWER ENERGY INNOV ICPEI - PROC
PY 2025
AB The increasing electricity demand in building and residential sectors driven
   by the widespread use of air conditioning, lighting, and electronic devices
   poses growing challenges to the stability of power distribution systems.
   This paper presents a Self-Healing Phase Network framework for detecting and
   mitigating abnormalities in three-phase systems, with a primary focus on
   unbalanced current conditions.  The proposed solution employs lightweight
   machine learning algorithms (TinyML) to intelligently redistribute loads
   among phases and integrates a load shedding mechanism using supercapacitors
   to mitigate transient voltage sags.  A case study was conducted using
   electricity consumption data collected from the Industrial Technician School
   at Rajamangala University of Technology Srivijaya (RMUTSV) between December
   2024 and February 2025. The analysis identified Phase B as the most
   unbalanced, with an average Percent Current Unbalance (PCU) of 59.56%,
   exceeding Phases A and C by 22.5% and 36.77%, respectively.  The TinyML-
   based control algorithm successfully balanced the loads to approximately 55
   kW across all phases.  Additionally, the supercapacitor-based load shedding
   strategy restored voltage levels to 380 Vac within 6.5 seconds of a voltage
   dip.  These results highlight the effectiveness of combining TinyML
   decision-making with energy storage solutions to enhance power quality and
   system reliability.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE load shedding; self-healing network; supercapacitor; tinyml; unbalanced
   current
ID air conditioning; digital storage; electric energy storage; electric power
   plant loads; electric power system stability; electric power utilization;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; power quality;
   self-healing materials; buildings sector; decision algorithms; electricity
   demands; in-buildings; load redistribution; load shedding; power; self-
   healing networks; tinyml; unbalanced currents; electric load shedding;
   supercapacitor

---

UT 50
AR Andrade P, 2025, COMPUT, V107, DOI 10.1007/s00607-025-01490-3
TI TEDA-forecasting: an unsupervised tinyML incremental learning approach for
   outlier processing and forecasting
AU Andrade P; Medeiros M; Silva M; Costa DG; Silva I
TC 0
SO COMPUT
PY 2025
AB The expansion of smart systems and the Internet of Things (IoT) has
   increased data generation, demanding efficient real-time processing
   techniques.  In this scenario, edge computing and TinyML, which allow the
   execution of machine learning models on low-power microcontrollers, emerge
   as promising solutions.  However, there are still challenges in developing
   lightweight algorithms capable of processing continuous data streams on
   devices with limited resources.  In this article, we propose TEDA-
   Forecasting, a time series forecasting algorithm based on the Typicality and
   Eccentricity Data Analytics (TEDA) technique, designed to operate on TinyML
   platforms.  To validate this innovative algorithm, we consider different
   types of input data, as well as its actual embedding on a real-world edge
   device for more practical evaluation, efficiently enabling anomaly detection
   and outlier correction in the input streams.  The achieved results indicate
   that TEDA-Forecasting offers high accuracy with energy efficiency,
   demonstrating its potential for applications in resource-constrained IoT
   systems, such as those enabled by the emerging TinyML paradigm.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH Austria, part of
   Springer Nature 2025.
DE data streams; edge computing; incremental learning; internet of things;
   outlier correction; outlier detection; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; data streams; forecasting; green computing; learning
   systems; machine learning; real-time systems; statistics; data analytics;
   data generation; data stream; edge computing; incremental learning; learning
   approach; outlier correction; outlier detection; smart system; tinyml; edge
   computing; internet of things

---

UT 53
AR Lima JPB, 2025, IEEE LAT AM CONF INTERNET THINGS LCIOT - PROC, P31, DOI
   10.1109/LCIoT64881.2025.11118459
TI Real-Time Fault Detection in Induction Motors Using TinyML: An Evaluation of
   the Edge Impulse Platform
AU Lima JPB
TC 0
SO IEEE LAT AM CONF INTERNET THINGS LCIOT - PROC
PY 2025
AB This article evaluates the Edge Impulse platform for developing TinyML-based
   fault detection models in induction motors, focusing on identifying broken
   rotor bars using vibration data collected from the motor casing.  The study
   aims to assess the platform's capabilities in creating non-intrusive, real-
   time detection systems implemented on low-power microcontrollers, such as
   the Arduino Nano 33 BLE, for resource-constrained industrial environments.
   Using the platform's tools, an artificial neural network model was trained
   with real vibration data and optimized for embedded implementation.  The
   model achieved 98.6% accuracy for detecting four broken bars and 95.8%
   accuracy for the more complex case of detecting a single broken bar,
   operating within the memory limits of the device and maintaining low
   detection latencies.  Quantization, applied through Edge Impulse's workflow,
   successfully reduced latency to 1 ms for the four-bar fault without
   significantly compromising accuracy, but it caused a substantial accuracy
   drop for the single-bar fault, highlighting limitations in handling more
   complex scenarios.  This evaluation demonstrates the practicality and
   constraints of using the Edge Impulse platform for industrial IoT
   applications, particularly in designing TinyML solutions for fault
   detection.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; fault detection; induction motors; iot platforms; low power
   devices; machine learning; real-time monitoring; tinyml; vibration data
ID complex networks; edge detection; electric drives; electric machinery;
   embedded systems; learning systems; low power electronics; neural networks;
   real-time systems; robotics; signal processing; broken bar; edge impulse;
   faults detection; inductions motors; iot platform; low power devices;
   machine learning; real-time monitoring; tinyml; vibration data; fault
   detection

---

UT 55
AR Cl N, 2025, INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS, DOI
   10.1109/CSITSS67709.2025.11294282
TI Smart Voice Assistant Using Tiny ML on Cortex-M55
AU Cl N; Ranjani G
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS
PY 2025
AB The advancement of edge computing and Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny ML) has
   opened new possibilities for deploying intelligent applications on resource-
   constrained microcontrollers.  This paper presents a smart voice assistant
   designed for fully offline operation using Tiny ML on the ARM CortexM55
   platform.  Unlike traditional cloud-based voice assistants, our system
   ensures reduced latency, improved data privacy, and no dependence on
   internet connectivity.  The approach involves selecting predefined voice
   commands, extracting Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCC) features,
   training a lightweight Neural Network model, and deploying it using the
   TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers (TFLM) framework.  The model is tested
   using simulation tools such as Arm Virtual Hardware (AVH) and Keil Studio
   Cloud, eliminating the need for physical hardware during development.
   Experimental results show that the model achieves accuracy with minimal
   memory usage, making it suitable for low-power embedded devices.  This study
   demonstrates a complete pipeline for developing and simulating voice
   recognition systems for edge applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE arm virtual hardware ( avh ); cortex-m55; edge computing; keil studio cloud;
   mfcc; neural network; speech recognition; tensorflow lite; tinyml; voice
   assistant
ID arm processors; computer hardware; data privacy; edge computing; edge
   detection; learning systems; microcontrollers; speech communication; arm
   virtual hardware; cortex-m55; cortexes; edge computing; keil studio cloud;
   mel-frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients;
   neural networks; tensorflow lite; tinyml; virtual hardware; voice assistant;
   neural networks; speech recognition

---

UT 57
AR Garikapati JS, 2025, IEEE FUTUR NETWORKS WORLD FORUM CONNECT 6G SUSTAIN
   INTELL FUTUR FNWF, DOI 10.1109/FNWF66845.2025.11317199
TI Towards Efficient IoUT Vision: Simulated Compressed Image Transmission and
   Detection
AU Garikapati JS; Bhushan CM; Gazi F; Hussain MM
TC 0
SO IEEE FUTUR NETWORKS WORLD FORUM CONNECT 6G SUSTAIN INTELL FUTUR FNWF
PY 2025
AB Underwater communication is constrained by limited bandwidth, high latency,
   and signal attenuation, particularly in acoustic transmission scenarios.  To
   address these challenges, this paper investigates a simulation-based
   framework for underwater image transmission using discrete cosine transform
   (DCT) and quantization-based compression.  Grayscale images are compressed
   at varying quantization levels (3-bit to 8-bit) and transmitted over a
   simulated underwater acoustic channel with relay-based attenuation and
   noise.  The impact of compression on image fidelity is evaluated using Peak
   Signal-to-Noise Ratio and Structural Similarity Index (PSNR, SSIM), while
   object detection robustness is assessed via classification accuracy using a
   MobileNetV2 model.  Experimental results demonstrate a clear trade-off
   between compression efficiency and detection accuracy, offering insights
   into optimal quantization strategies for bandwidth-limited underwater
   environments.  This simulation framework, developed entirely in MATLAB,
   provides a scalable testbed for evaluating vision-centric Internet of
   Underwater Things (IoUT) applications prior to real-world deployment on
   resource-constrained devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE dct compression; internet of underwater things ( iout ); object detection;
   tinyml; underwater acoustic communication
ID bandwidth; bandwidth compression; computer vision; discrete cosine
   transforms; image compression; internet of things; object recognition;
   signal to noise ratio; underwater acoustic communication; underwater
   acoustics; underwater imaging; visual communication; wave transmission;
   acoustic communications; compressed images; discrete cosine transform
   compression; discrete cosines; internet of underwater thing; internet of
   underwater things; limited bandwidth; objects detection; tinyml; underwater
   communication; economic and social effects; object detection

---

UT 58
AR Shah P, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMMUN COMPUT CYBERSECUR INFORMATICS CCCI,
   DOI 10.1109/CCCI65983.2025.11215096
TI TinyML-based Secure Energy Efficient Framework for CAVs Communication in
   5G-Based V2X Networks
AU Shah P; Obaidat MS; Pathak L/1; Parve D; Ruparelia V; Gupta R; Tanwar S;
   Bhatia J; Sadoun B
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMMUN COMPUT CYBERSECUR INFORMATICS CCCI
PY 2025
AB This work discusses a TinyML-based attack classification framework with low
   complexity that is aimed at V2X communication in 5G networks.  The proposed
   model obtains the highest accuracy of 95 % for all evaluated models and
   shows better performance than any other models in identifying attack and
   normal traffic.  TinyML itself requires only about 1 KB to model size and
   could be trained within 40 seconds while achieving much better scalability
   and computational efficiency than traditional models like LSTM, GRU, and
   RNN. They are these features that make TinyML most suitable for edge
   applications, especially in connected and autonomous vehicles (CAVs), where
   memories and processing power are limited.  The proposed framework was then
   tested with using the LR-HR DDoS 2024 dataset that involves a large number
   of attack types and showed promising real-Time detection performance.  Thus,
   using the features of high accuracy, low resource consumption, and time
   effectiveness in the framework that was described above, the latter
   contributes to improving the safety and dependability of V2X communication
   taking into account the highly dynamic nature of vehicular networks.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE 5g networks; attack classification; autonomous vehicles; edge computing;
   lightweight model; tinyml; v2x communication
ID autonomous vehicles; computational efficiency; energy efficiency; large
   datasets; network security; vehicle to vehicle communications; attack
   classifications; autonomous vehicles; classification framework; edge
   computing; energy efficient; high-accuracy; lightweight model; tinyml; v2x
   communication; vehicle communications; edge computing

---

UT 59
AR Dong Y, 2025, IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS, DOI 10.1109/JSSC.2025.3619427
TI A Heterogeneous TinyML SoC With Systematic Minimum Energy Searching and
   Management for Keyword Spotting
AU Dong Y; Liu X; Bai K; Li G/2; Wu M; Jing Y; Zhang Y/9; Zhan P; Zhang Y/12;
   Ma Y/1; Huang R; Jia T; Ye L
TC 0
SO IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS
PY 2025
AB Edge AI deploys diversified AI models on resource-constrained tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) SoCs, which often have heterogeneous architectures,
   including both microprocessors and domain-specific accelerators.
   Considering the tight power and performance constraints, the high diversity
   of ML workloads and chip architectures results in complex chip power
   management.  In this article, we present a low-power heterogeneous TinyML
   SoC for keyword spotting (KWS) with systematic minimum energy searching and
   management.  Comprehensive fully synthesizable monitors are developed to be
   aware of the runtime energy, event, and performance (E2P) for each computing
   block and guide the system-level minimum energy point (MEP) search.
   Hierarchical voltage regulation is designed with in-block power switches and
   on-chip switched-capacitor regulators.  Additionally, a two-stage compute-
   in-memory (CIM)-based event-driven wake-up scheme is developed to reduce the
   standby energy.  Fabricated with TSMC 55-nm technology, the systematic
   energy management approach obtains an average of 51% energy saving, which is
   28% higher than single-block MEP management.  Meanwhile, the SoC achieves a
   minimum power consumption of 3.5 µW and a peak-to-idle power ratio of 30
   000x.  Overall, the presented TinyML SoC is suitable for edge AI
   applications with state-of-the-art low-power features.  © 1966-2012 IEEE.
DE event-driven wake-up; keyword spotting ( kws ); minimum energy point ( mep )
   management; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ) soc
ID electric power supplies to apparatus; energy conservation; green computing;
   learning systems; machine learning; memory architecture; power management;
   programmable logic controllers; voltage regulators; energy; event-driven;
   event-driven wake-up; keyword spotting; machine learning; minimum energy
   point; minimum energy point  management; tiny machine learning  soc; wake-
   up; system-on-chip

---

UT 61
AR Shirly ARD, 2025, INT CONF INTELL TECHNOL SUSTAIN ELECTR COMMUN SYST ITECH
   SECOM, DOI 10.1109/iTechSECOM64750.2025.11307279
TI Edge-Based TinyML for Fault Detection Using Sound Vibration Analysis
AU Shirly ARD; Prathiba S; Hyacinth LR; Lokeshwar K; Jennifer Ruth Pauline G
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTELL TECHNOL SUSTAIN ELECTR COMMUN SYST ITECH SECOM
PY 2025
AB In this work, we propose a new edge computing framework for fault detection
   of industrial machines based on sound vibration analysis.  A low footprint
   TinyML model has been used and deployed on the Arduino Nano RP2040
   microcontroller via TensorFlow Lite.  The machines' acoustic signals are
   evaluated for unusual patterns indicative of damage or wear.  Features are
   extracted by the MelFrequency Energy (MFE), which is introduced to
   effectively represent spectral properties of the audio signal related to the
   machine condition monitoring.  Conventional fault detection systems are
   generally based on cloud services, which inevitably rely on continuous data
   to be transmitted from the edge devices to the remote servers for the
   purpose of processing and inferencing.  This solution comes with the added
   latency, power usage and network dependency and security risks.  In
   contrast, the proposed edge computing approach enhances extensive work on
   scene graph generation and detection.  online inference on the embedded
   device.  This provides immediate fault finding, low latency, higher data
   security, and removes the requirement of always-on cloud connection.  Local
   processing of data reduces Operative Costs due to less bandwidth consumption
   and less dependence on Cloud services.  It may save energy, thus making it
   suitable for use in the industrial area which is far away from the city or
   lack of energy sources.  By reducing the response time any potential for
   delays, which can often manifest as system failures or downtime, is kept at
   a minimal.  The paper also provides empirical evaluation and comparative
   studies to show that the edge-based model is more effective than the
   conventional cloud approach.  In summary, this work showcases the promise of
   TinyML and edge computing for smart, cost-effective, and energy-efficient
   fault detection in industrial applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; incremental learning; industrial applications; industrial
   iot ( iiot ); machine learning; multi sensor integration; tensorflow lite
   for microcontrollers ( tflm ); tinyml
ID acoustic waves; audio acoustics; cost effectiveness; data reduction; fault
   detection; microcontrollers; signal processing; tensors; edge computing;
   faults detection; incremental learning; industrial iot; machine learning;
   multi sensor integration; sound vibrations; tensorflow lite for
   microcontroller; tinyml; vibrations analysis; edge computing

---

UT 62
AR Njor E, 2025, INTERNET THING, V33, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101688
TI Fast data aware neural architecture search via supernet accelerated
   evaluation
AU Njor E; Banbury C; Fafoutis X
TC 0
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) promises to revolutionize fields such as
   healthcare, environmental monitoring, and industrial maintenance by running
   machine learning models on low-power embedded systems.  However, the complex
   optimizations required for successful TinyML deployment continue to impede
   its widespread adoption.  A promising route to simplifying TinyML is through
   automatic machine learning (AutoML), which can distill elaborate
   optimization workflows into accessible key decisions.  Notably, Hardware
   Aware Neural Architecture Searches — where a computer searches for an
   optimal TinyML model based on predictive performance and hardware metrics —
   have gained significant traction, producing some of today's most widely used
   TinyML models.  TinyML systems operate under extremely tight resource
   constraints, such as a few kB of memory and an energy consumption in the mW
   range.  In this tight design space, the choice of input data configuration
   offers an attractive accuracy-latency tradeoff.  Achieving truly optimal
   TinyML systems thus requires jointly tuning both input data and model
   architecture.  Despite its importance, this “Data Aware Neural Architecture
   Search” remains underexplored.  To address this gap, we propose a new state-
   of-the-art Data Aware Neural Architecture Search technique and demonstrate
   its effectiveness on the novel TinyML “Wake Vision” dataset.  Our
   experiments show that across varying time and hardware constraints, Data
   Aware Neural Architecture Search consistently discovers superior TinyML
   systems compared to purely architecture-focused methods, underscoring the
   critical role of data-aware optimization in advancing TinyML. © 2025 The
   Authors
DE data aware machine learning; embedded machine learning; neural architecture
   search; tinyml

---

UT 63
AR Yayathi PK, 2025, PROC - INT SYMP REAL-TIME DISTRIB COMPUT ISORC, P368, DOI
   10.1109/ISORC65339.2025.00060
TI Optimized Deep Learning for Anomalous Traffic Classification in Resource-
   Constrained IoT Networks: A Novel Approach
AU Yayathi PK; Mishra S
TC 0
SO PROC - INT SYMP REAL-TIME DISTRIB COMPUT ISORC
PY 2025
AB AI-based traffic classification is crucial for optimizing resource
   allocation and threat detection in networks, particularly in resource-
   constrained IoT environments where traditional methods are inadequate.
   However, deploying large machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) models
   in such environments poses significant challenges due to their high
   computational requirements and storage needs, which can lead to
   inefficiencies and scalability issues.  This paper introduces novel model
   optimization techniques-Min-BitNet and SlimMatrixNet-to overcome these
   limitations and replace state-of-the-art TinyML-based approaches.  These
   models significantly reduce size while maintaining high accuracy: Min-BitNet
   achieves 99.46% and SlimMatrixNet achieves $\mathbf{9 6. 3 7 \%}$, compared
   to $\mathbf{9 9. 9 6 \%}$ for the uncompressed model.  Validated through
   OMNeT++ simulations and hardware implementations, SlimMatrixNet offers
   superior performance in accuracy, size, and delay, providing an efficient
   IoT anomaly detection solution without compromising accuracy.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomalous traffic classification; covert communication channels; iot;
   minibitnet; slimmatrixnet; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; classification ( of information ); constrained
   optimization; deep learning; learning systems; telecommunication traffic;
   anomalous traffic classification; communications channels; covert
   communication channel; covert communications; iot; minibitnet; resources
   allocation; slimmatrixnet; tinyml; traffic classification; internet of
   things

---

UT 68
AR Sharma R/1, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF WOMEN INNOV TECHNOL ENTREP ICWITE, DOI
   10.1109/ICWITE64848.2025.11306920
TI TinyEdge: TinyML-Driven Secure Edge Computing Framework for Industrial IoT
   in 5G Networks
AU Sharma R/1; Panchal K; Bhatt S; Pathak L/1; Shah S; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF WOMEN INNOV TECHNOL ENTREP ICWITE
PY 2025
AB The Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) model performance evaluation in
   Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) intrusion detection systems forms the
   core subject of this paper.  The TinyML model shows better accuracy and
   smaller model footprint than usual deep learning models which makes it
   workable for resource-restricted edge systems.  TinyML demonstrates
   validation accuracy of 98.22% with test accuracy of 97.86% and it operates
   from a model size that reaches just 0.06 MB. The model proves excellent for
   IIoT systems since it delivers optimal performance combined with minimum
   resource usage requirements.  TinyML presents itself as an optimized
   solution to IoT edge-to-cloud applications because it has a compact design
   that can execute rapidly and handles systems with minimal memory
   requirements.  The study presents TinyML as an excellent solution for IIoT
   intrusion detection because it delivers both high performance levels and
   compact model dimensions which surpass traditional models including LSTM and
   GRU within resource-limited environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE accuracy; edge computing; iiot; intrusion detection; lightweight models;
   model size; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; edge detection; internet of things; learning
   systems; network security; accuracy; computing frameworks; edge computing;
   industrial internet of thing; intrusion detection; lightweight model;
   machine learning models; machine learning; model size; tiny machine
   learning; edge computing; intrusion detection

---

UT 69
AR Duan S, 2025, PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI, DOI
   10.1109/IWASI66786.2025.11121985
TI ETHEREAL: Energy-efficient and High-Throughput Inference using Compressed
   Tsetlin Machine
AU Duan S; Shafik R; Yakovlev A
TC 0
SO PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI
PY 2025
AB The Tsetlin Machine (TM) is a novel alternative to deep neural networks
   (DNNs). Unlike DNNs, which rely on multi-path arithmetic operations, a TM
   learns propositional logic patterns from data literals using Tsetlin
   automata.  This fundamental shift from arithmetic to logic underpinning
   makes TMs ideal for low-cost applications.In TM, literals are often included
   by both positive and negative clauses within the same class, canceling out
   their impact on individual class definitions.  We exploit this property to
   develop compressed TM models, enabling energy-efficient and high-Throughput
   inferences for machine learning (ML) applications.We introduce a training
   approach that incorporates excluded automata states to sparsify TM logic
   patterns in both positive and negative clauses.  This exclusion is
   iterative, ensuring that highly class-correlated (and therefore significant)
   literals are retained in the compressed inference model, ETHEREAL, to
   maintain strong classification accuracy.  Compared to standard TMs, ETHEREAL
   TM models can reduce model size by up to 87.54%, with only a minor accuracy
   compromise.  We validate the impact of this compression on eight real-world
   Tiny machine learning (TinyML) datasets against standard TM, equivalent
   Random Forest (RF) and Binarized Neural Network (BNN) on the
   STM32F746G-DISCO platform.  Our results show that ETHEREAL TM models achieve
   over an order of magnitude reduction in inference time (resulting in higher
   throughput) and energy consumption compared to BNNs, while maintaining a
   significantly smaller memory footprint compared to RFs.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE machine learning; model compression; tinyml; tsetlin machine
ID automata theory; computer circuits; deep neural networks; energy efficiency;
   energy utilization; formal logic; throughput; energy efficient; high-
   throughput; literals; machine modeling; machine learning; model compression;
   neural networks; tiny machine learning; tsetlin machine; learning systems

---

UT 70
AR Lin T-H, 2025, INT CONF ROBOT AUTOM SCI ICRAS, P118, DOI
   10.1109/ICRAS65818.2025.11108779
TI TinyMl-Empowered Climbing Robots for Real-Time Structural Defect Detection:
   Case Studies on Bolt and Tile Inspection
AU Lin T-H
TC 0
SO INT CONF ROBOT AUTOM SCI ICRAS
PY 2025
AB Structural inspection of critical infrastructure presents significant safety
   challenges when performed manually, particularly for bolt connections in
   steel structures and exterior wall tiles.  This paper presents an innovative
   approach integrating Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) with climbing robots to
   enable autonomous, real-time structural defect detection in
   resourceconstrained environments.  Two complementary case studies are
   examined: a magnetic climbing robot using the FOMO algorithm for visual bolt
   defect inspection in steel structures and a vacuumbased climbing robot
   employing CNN-based acoustic analysis for tile defect detection on building
   exteriors.  The magnetic robot achieved 82 % accuracy with an inference time
   of just 86 ms while requiring minimal memory resources (0.072 M B flash,
   239.1 KB RAM). The vacuum-based robot demonstrated 74.62 % accuracy in
   distinguishing between defective and intact tiles through acoustic signature
   analysis.  Both implementations showcase TinyML's versatility across
   different sensing modalities and structural inspection domains.  This
   approach enhances inspection accuracy and consistency and significantly
   improves safety by eliminating human exposure to hazardous environments.
   The methods presented demonstrate TinyML's broader applicability for
   autonomous inspection tasks in resource-constrained robotic systems.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE climbing robot; structural defect detection; tinyml
ID bolts; defects; intelligent robots; mobile robots; public works; robot
   applications; safety engineering; structural analysis; tile; bolts
   connection; case-studies; climbing robots; defect detection; machine
   learning; real- time; structural defect; structural defect detection;
   structural inspections; tiny machine learning; inspection

---

UT 71
AR Majdoubi C, 2025, COLLOQ INF SCI TECHNOL CIST, P145, DOI
   10.1109/CiSt65886.2025.11224069
TI Enhancing Mobile Threat Detection through TinyML and Auditable ML
AU Majdoubi C; El Mendili S; Gahi Y
TC 0
SO COLLOQ INF SCI TECHNOL CIST
PY 2025
AB The proliferation of mobile devices has significantly increased the risk of
   exposure to advanced cyberattacks, and classical detection methods
   increasingly became difficult to apply.  Cloud-Based solutions, while being
   highly effective, introduce high latency, privacy concerns, and resource
   expensiveness.  Existing studies focus on either TinyML or explainability;
   Our framework is the first to combine the two for mobile security.  The
   current work introduces a novel paradigm that intertwines Auditable Machine
   Learning (Auditable ML) with Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to overcome the
   above challenges for general purpose detection.  TinyML supports real-time,
   low-energy on-device threat detection with low cloud infrastructure
   dependency and greater privacy from local data processing.  In parallel,
   Auditable ML facilitates transparency and accountability in the system by
   combining explainable AI and secure logging features so detection operations
   are explainable and auditable.  The efficacy of the proposed solution is
   validated through large-scale simulations, which show substantial detection
   accuracy improvements, resource utilization, and cross-platform portability
   improvements.  With the combination of TinyML and Auditable ML, this
   framework provides a scalable, privacy-preserving mobile security solution.
   It gives a good basis on which to build future innovation in the mobile
   ecosystem, addressing both nascent threats and the requirement for robust,
   user-centric security.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; auditable ml; mobile security; tinyml
ID data privacy; learning systems; machine learning; mobile telecommunication
   systems; simulation platform; current; auditable ml; cloud-based; cyber-
   attacks; detection methods; machine learning; privacy concerns; risk of
   exposures; threat detection; tiny machine learning; mobile security

---

UT 73
AR Ragusa E/1, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11228464
TI The impact of Sensing Parameters on Vibration Anomaly Detection Using Tiny
   DNNs
AU Ragusa E/1; Zonzini F; De Marchi L; Gastaldo P
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Smart sensors with extreme-edge data processing capabilities allow to
   optimize the energy budget of current Structural Health Monitoring (SHM)
   systems.  Moving inference and Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) directly to the
   sensing unit can bypass the constraints due to data transmission, but it has
   to be properly balanced against the expenditure due to data sampling, which
   might easily become the main source of energy consumption when the duty
   cycling is not chosen appropriately.  Finding the optimal sampling time and
   frequency is a non trivial task because it depends on the peculiarities of
   the target facility, the surrounding environment, and the highly non-linear
   behavior of DNNs.  This paper presents a fully decentralized scheme for
   vibration damage detection where each sensor can predict the health status
   of the structure; a tiny Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) hosted on the
   node is entitled to autonomously process the measurements and to complete
   the inference.  As a further contribution, an empirical study proves the
   major role played by the sampling parameters on the performance of the
   networks.  Experiments on the Z24 bridge benchmark show that the small-size
   CNN can achieve classification scores comparable with state-of-the-art
   models while i) avoiding data transmission and ii) improving the energy
   budget if the optimal sensing parameters are chosen.  These findings are
   obtained after deploying the sought CNN model on a wireless accelerometer
   sensor based on an STM32L496 processor.  Results show that, by properly
   tuning the sampling parameters (length of the acquisition window and
   sampling frequency), one can reach the best trade-off between classification
   performances (accuracy above 96%) and energy consumption (less than 40
   mJ/h). © 2025 IEEE.
DE extreme edge data processing; smart sensors; structural health monitoring;
   tinyml

---

UT 74
AR Sharifirad I, 2025, PROC INT CONF ADV MACH LEARN DATA SCI AMLDS, P72, DOI
   10.1109/AMLDS63918.2025.11159421
TI Sensitivity Analysis Exploration of ML Architectures to TinyML Techniques
AU Sharifirad I; Boudjadar J; Roveri M; Larsen PG
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF ADV MACH LEARN DATA SCI AMLDS
PY 2025
AB TinyML techniques, such as pruning and quantization, enable the deployment
   of machine learning (ML) models on resource-constrained embedded devices by
   reducing computational and memory demands.  However, the impact of these
   techniques varies across different ML architectures, influencing accuracy,
   inference speed, computation cost, and memory footprint.  This paper
   presents a sensitivity analysis of three prominent architectures - CNN,
   LSTM, and Transformer - to TinyML techniques: L1-structured pruning and
   integer 8-bit quantization within an industrial anomaly detection
   application scenario.  A two-stage optimization methodology is applied,
   first pruning models to reduce computational complexity and then quantizing
   them to minimize memory footprint.  Performance is evaluated using Mean
   Squared Error (MSE), Floating Point Operations (FLOPs), Execution Time (ET),
   and Memory Space (MS). The findings highlight the trade-offs between
   computational efficiency and predictive accuracy, underscoring the need for
   architecture-aware TinyML strategies for optimized model deployment in
   embedded systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; cnn; lstm; pruning; quantization; tinyml; transformer
ID anomaly detection; artificial intelligence; computational efficiency;
   digital arithmetic; embedded systems; learning systems; mean square error;
   memory architecture; sensitivity analysis; anomaly detection; learning
   architectures; lstm; machine learning; memory footprint; pruning;
   quantization; sensitivity analyzes; tinyml; transformer; economic and social
   effects

---

UT 75
AR Mahmoudi A, 2025, TELECOMMUN FORUM TELFOR - PROC PAP, DOI
   10.1109/TELFOR67910.2025.11314213
TI TinyML Unleashed: Accelerating TensorFlow Lite Micro Kernels with RISC-V
   Vector Extension
AU Mahmoudi A; Horn C; Mulhem S; Buchty R; Berekovic M; Meyer R
TC 0
SO TELECOMMUN FORUM TELFOR - PROC PAP
PY 2025
AB The widespread use of machine learning on embedded devices has intensified
   the demand for efficient inference acceleration.  The RISC-V Instruction Set
   Architecture (ISA) integrates vector extensions that provide advanced data-
   processing capabilities to address this need.  However, existing compiler
   autovectorization techniques remain limited.  In this paper, we hence
   explore the capabilities of manual vectorization for common Machine Learning
   kernels using TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers (TFLM) as the runtime
   engine.  Our optimizations achieve throughput improvements ranging from 4 ×
   to 28 × compared to scalar implementations, and up to 25 × compared to
   compiler auto-vectorization on a commercial RISC-V board.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE risc-v; tflm; tinyml; vectorization
ID intelligent systems; learning systems; machine learning; program compilers;
   reduced instruction set computing; tensors; advanced data processing;
   embedded device; instruction set architecture; machine learning; micro
   kernel; processing capability; risc-v; tensorflow lite for microcontroller;
   tinyml; vectorization; data handling

---

UT 77
AR Rüb M, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11228149
TI DRIP: DRop unImportant data Points - Enhancing Machine Learning Efficiency
   with Grad-CAM-Based Streaming Data Prioritization for On-Device Training
AU Rüb M; Konegen D; Sikora A; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Selecting data points for model training is critical in machine learning.
   Effective selection methods can reduce the labeling effort, optimize on-
   device training for embedded systems with limited data storage, and enhance
   the model performance.  This paper introduces a novel algorithm that uses
   Grad-CAM to make online decisions about retaining or discarding data points.
   Optimized for embedded devices, the algorithm computes a unique DRIP Score
   to quantify the importance of each data point.  This enables dynamic
   decision-making on whether a data point should be stored for potential
   retraining or discarded without compromising model performance.
   Experimental evaluations on four benchmark datasets demonstrate that our
   approach can match or even surpass the accuracy of models trained on the
   entire dataset, while achieving storage savings of up to 39%. To our
   knowledge, this is the first algorithm to make online decisions about data
   point retention without requiring access to the entire dataset.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE embedded devices; on-device training; online data valuation; tinyml

---

UT 80
AR Puslecki T, 2025, IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - BERL ICCE-BERLIN, P155,
   DOI 10.1109/ICCE-Berlin67488.2025.11277714
TI Optimizing TinyML: Looking for a trade-off between energy consumption and
   efficiency
AU Puslecki T; Walkowiak K
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - BERL ICCE-BERLIN
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) enables on-device inference on low-power
   microcontrollers, but a single optimised model often cannot meet real-time
   and energy constraints under variable workloads.  This paper presents a
   simulation-based approach to dynamic model or ensemble selection, where a
   device switches between pre-profiled models at run time to balance latency,
   accuracy and energy consumption.  We introduce a configurable simulator that
   evaluates selection strategies without hardware experiments.  The simulator
   models a real TinyML system.  It supports synchronous and asynchronous
   samples patterns, tracks energy consumption using a simplified current-based
   model, and reports metrics including operating time, number of inferences,
   dropped samples, and weighted accuracy.  The tool provides a repeatable and
   customizable environment for testing resource-aware inference strategies in
   TinyML systems.  The simulator is open source and intended to aid the
   development of adaptive TinyML applications where responsiveness and energy
   efficiency must be carefully balanced.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; energy-consumption; energy trade off; simulation; tinyml
ID energy efficiency; energy utilization; learning systems; open systems;
   embedded-system; energy; energy trade off; energy-consumption; low power
   microcontrollers; machine learning systems; machine learning; simulation;
   tiny machine learning; trade off; economic and social effects; embedded
   systems

---

UT 81
AR Al Tameemi MI, 2025, INT J INTELL ENG SYST, V18, P592, DOI
   10.22266/ijies2025.0831.38
TI Real-Time Road Traffic Condition Detection System Implemented on Limited
   Resources Microcontroller Using Lite Deep Learning Techniques
AU Al Tameemi MI; Hasson ST; Al-Libawy H
TC 0
SO INT J INTELL ENG SYST
PY 2025
AB With the great progress and development witnessed by smart systems,
   especially Internet of Vehicles systems, they face several obstacles and
   challenges.  The most important of these challenges is to propose an
   embedded system to detect congested and non-congested roads with vehicles in
   real-time that are located in the same place without taking another more
   suitable path implemented on a low-cost, small-sized, resource-limited
   embedded device that can be placed anywhere in the vehicle using deep
   learning techniques.  The main goal of this work is to introduce a novel
   low-cost mobile embedded system that can be placed in a vehicle for
   monitoring and analysing real-time traffic conditions on public roads.  The
   system is based on a resource-limited Arduino Nano Sense 33 BLE rev1
   microcontroller with CPU Flash Memory: 1MB and SRAM: 256KB integrated with
   an OV7675 camera to capture live streaming videos.  A customized deep
   learning model based on Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs) and Mobile Net V2
   with transfer learning is employed for image classification, enabling
   accurate detection and identification of crowded and non-crowded traffic
   scenarios.  The novelty focuses on optimizing the system for real-time
   crowded detection performance using resource-constrained hardware, making it
   suitable for deployment in urban environments.  Experimental results show
   that the proposed system achieved an accuracy of 96.9% with inference time
   of 328ms.  Our approach illustrates significant improvements compared to
   existing solutions in accuracy and efficiency, offering a good tool for
   smart city traffic management.  © This article is licensed under a Creative
   Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.  License details:
   https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/
DE feature extraction; limited resources microcontroller arduino; lite deep
   learning techniques; real-time crowded roads detection with vehicles; tinyml

---

UT 86
AR Huang B/1, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P55, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2025.3528366
TI Binary Forward-Only Algorithms
AU Huang B/1; Aminifar A
TC 0
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB Editor's notes: This article presents a detailed evaluation of binarization
   strategies in state-of-the-art forward-only learning algorithms.  This work
   provides valuable insights into the practical boundaries of efficient
   learning under forward-only paradigms and will be of strong interest to
   researchers in ondevice learning TinyML systems.  - Theocharis Theocharides,
   University of Cyprus, Cyprus - Marian Verhelst, KU Leuven, Belgium - Vijay
   Janapa Reddy, Harvard University, USA - Evgeni Gousev, Qualcomm, USA.  ©
   IEEE. 2013 IEEE.
DE binary neural network; computational efficient; forward-only; iot; memory
   efficient; tinyml
ID binarizations; binary neural networks; computational efficient; energy;
   forward-only; forward-only algorithm; memory efficient; neural networks;
   resource limitations; tinyml

---

UT 87
AR Scarpetta M, 2025, IEEE INT SYMP MED MEAS APPL MEMEA, DOI
   10.1109/MeMeA65319.2025.11068052
TI A Tiny Deep Learning Model for Sleep Apnea Detection Based on ECG Signals
AU Scarpetta M; Ragolia MA; Pau DP; Andria G; Giaquinto N
TC 0
SO IEEE INT SYMP MED MEAS APPL MEMEA
PY 2025
AB Sleep apnea is a prevalent and often underdiagnosed sleep disorder
   characterized by repeated interruptions in breathing during sleep, which can
   lead to serious health complications such as hypertension, cardiovascular
   disease, and daytime fatigue.  Traditional methods for diagnosing sleep
   apnea rely on polysomnography, which is expensive, time-consuming, and
   requires a clinical setting.  To address these limitations, recent
   approaches have explored automated sleep apnea detection using
   electrocardiogram (ECG) signals.  However, existing approaches rely on ECG
   feature extraction, such as RR intervals, before apnea event classification.
   This paper presents a Tiny Deep Learning (TinyDL) approach for detecting
   sleep apnea on resource-constrained embedded devices by using raw ECG
   signals.  Unlike previous studies that rely on ECG signal preprocessing to
   extract features such as RR intervals before classification, we propose a
   lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) that directly processes raw
   ECG data, eliminating the need for feature extraction.  The model is trained
   on the PhysioNET Apnea-ECG dataset and optimized for deployment on an STM32
   Nucleo-F401RE board.  Model quantization is employed to reduce memory
   footprint and computational complexity while maintaining classification
   accuracy.  Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of deploying DL-
   based sleep apnea detection on low-power embedded systems, achieving
   accuracy comparable with that of TinyML models requiring feature extraction.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial neural networks; database; ecg; edge computing; machine learning;
   resource-constrained devices; signal processing; sleep apnea; tiny deep
   learning; tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; classification ( of information ); deep neural
   networks; diseases; embedded systems; extraction; feature extraction;
   learning systems; sleep research; edge computing; electrocardiogram signal;
   machine learning; neural networks; resource-constrained devices; signal
   processing; sleep apnea; sleep apnea detection; tiny deep learning; tinyml;
   electrocardiography

---

UT 89
AR mrabet AE, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2255 CCIS, P71, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-93448-3_6
TI Tiny Machine Learning for IoT-Enabled Embedded Systems: A Review
AU mrabet AE; Tber A; Elmousaid R; Hlou L; gouri RE
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is an emerging field that combines embedded
   systems and machine learning, with a focus on empowering resource-
   constrained devices such as smartphones, microcontrollers (MCUs), and
   sensors.  By enabling on-device machine learning applications, TinyML
   eliminates the need for cloud services and external power sources.  This
   review provides a comprehensive overview of TinyML, discussing its
   definition, benefits, and challenges.  It explores techniques like model
   quantization, pruning, clustering, and cascading architectures that make
   TinyML feasible.  The review also emphasizes the importance of hardware-
   software co-design and presents methodologies and tools for implementing
   TinyML. Recent advances in TinyML across various domains, including image
   processing, natural language processing, and robotics, are discussed,
   highlighting the potential impact on embedded system capabilities and
   performance.  The transformative potential of TinyML is explored, uncovering
   new possibilities for previously unattainable use cases and applications.  ©
   The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
DE embedded systems; iot; on-device machine learning; resource-constrained
   devices; tiny machine learning; tinyml
ID embedded software; internet of things; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; machine learning; natural language processing systems; robotics;
   embedded machines; embedded-system; iot; machine learning; on-device machine
   learning; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning; embedded
   systems

---

UT 92
AR Gomasta SS, 2025, IEEE BIOSENS CONF BIOSENS - CONFERECE PROC, DOI
   10.1109/BioSensors65002.2025.11239078
TI Vertical Analog Frontend with Machine Learning Core for On-Sensor Sleep
   Stage Monitoring
AU Gomasta SS; Sayan Saha S; Palle K; Chowdhary M
TC 0
SO IEEE BIOSENS CONF BIOSENS - CONFERECE PROC
PY 2025
AB Current sleep monitoring systems are power-hungry, computationally
   demanding, and complex.  We present a lightweight, ultra-low-power, and
   efficient sleep monitoring framework using a 2.5 × 3.0 mm biosensor with
   integrated vertical analog frontend, motion MEMS, and machine learning core.
   An on-sensor decision tree classifies 4 sleep stages in real-time, while a
   microcontroller with on-device boosted trees and signal processing
   periodically provides breathing rate, heart rate, and more accurate sleep
   stage information.  The framework achieves 85% accuracy using < 1 mA of
   current.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE accelerometer; electrocardiography; gyroscope; inertial measurement unit;
   machine learning core; sleep monitoring; tiny machine learning; vertical
   analog frontend
ID accelerometers; electrocardiography; forestry; learning systems; machine
   learning; mems; patient monitoring; robotics; signal processing; sleep
   research; current; analog frontend; inertial measurements units; machine
   learning core; machine learning; sleep monitoring; sleep stage; tiny machine
   learning; vertical analog frontend; gyroscopes

---

UT 93
AR Jamil N, 2025, ICCR - INT CONF CYBER RESIL, DOI
   10.1109/ICCR67387.2025.11291809
TI Adaptive Lightweight Security for TinyML Driven Unmanned Aerial Vehicles in
   Smart Cities
AU Jamil N; Nega K; Rozaidi MH; Kulkarni P; Ramli R; Al Ghaili AMA
TC 0
SO ICCR - INT CONF CYBER RESIL
PY 2025
AB This paper presents the design and evaluation of a secure on-device
   intelligence system for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) using Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) and an Adaptive Security Layer (ASL). The proposed system
   enables local object detection and secure communication in resource
   constrained UAV platforms that targets smart city applications.  A
   lightweight AI model was optimized and deployed using Tensor-Flow Lite on a
   Raspberry Pi 3 board.  Secure communication was established using MQTT with
   three selectable security modes: full TLS, authenticated encryption using
   ChaCha20-Poly1305, and HMAC-based authentication.  An adaptive switching
   mechanism was developed to dynamically select the appropriate mode based on
   system metrics including CPU load, communication latency, and detection
   confidence.  Experimental results show that the TinyML model reduced
   inference latency by 21.2% and memory usage by over 90%, with a negligible
   drop in accuracy.  The ASL reduced communication latency by up to 65% and
   CPU load by 51.7% compared to standard TLS. These results demonstrate that
   adaptive lightweight security can effectively balance resource constraints
   and security requirements in embedded UAV deployments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE adaptive security; lightweight security; mqtt; tinyml; uav communication
ID aircraft detection; antennas; authentication; data privacy; learning
   systems; network security; object detection; secure communication; seebeck
   effect; smart city; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); adaptive security;
   aerial vehicle; communication latency; lightweight securities; machine
   learning; mqtt; security layers; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial
   vehicle communication; vehicle communications; tensors

---

UT 94
AR Bhat S, 2025, INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN CONTROL AUTOM ICCCBEA, DOI
   10.1109/ICCUBEA65967.2025.11283670
TI Data-Driven Multi-Spectral Imaging Techniques for Quality Assessment in
   Fruits and Vegetables
AU Bhat S; Patil V; Das A
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN CONTROL AUTOM ICCCBEA
PY 2025
AB Accurate quality assessment of fruits and vegetables is critical for
   reducing food waste and ensuring consumer satisfaction.  Traditional methods
   are often subjective and destructive.  This paper details a non-destructive
   system integrating multi-spectral imaging (MSI) via the AS7265 sensor with
   an ESP32 microcontroller and edge machine learning (Edge AI) using the Edge
   Impulse platform for real-time quality evaluation.  We present a
   comprehensive offline data preprocessing pipeline implemented in Python,
   featuring Savitzky-Golay filtering for noise reduction, per-sample min-max
   normalization to handle intensity variations, and the Synthetic Minority
   Over-sampling Technique (SMOTE) to address significant class imbalance.
   Manual feature engineering was employed to create additional discriminative
   features from the 18-channel spectral data.  A neural network classifier,
   trained on the combined 22 features from the balanced dataset, was optimized
   and deployed as an INT8 quantized TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers model
   onto the ESP32. The system achieves an on-device validation accuracy of
   93.7% for a 16 -class fruit and vegetable quality problem.  We describe the
   hardware, the advanced software preprocessing, the on-device feature
   calculation, and the model development workflow, demonstrating a viable and
   effective solution for accessible, data-driven quality control in the
   agricultural sector.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE as7265 sensor; edge impulse; esp32; feature engineering; fruits and
   vegetables; machine learning; multispectral imaging; nondestructive testing;
   quality assessment; savitzky-golay; smote; tinyml
ID agricultural machinery; computer software; fruits; learning systems; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; neural networks; noise abatement; nondestructive
   examination; quality control; software quality; as7265 sensor; edge impulse;
   esp32; feature engineerings; fruit and vegetables; machine learning;
   multispectral imaging; nondestructive testing; quality assessment; savitzky-
   golay; synthetic minority over-sampling techniques; tinyml; vegetables

---

UT 95
AR Giordano M, 2025, PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI, DOI
   10.1109/IWASI66786.2025.11121976
TI Sub-Millisecond Event-Based Eye Tracking on a Resource-Constrained
   Microcontroller
AU Giordano M; Bonazzi P; Benini L; Magno M
TC 0
SO PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a novel event-based eye-Tracking system deployed on a
   resource-constrained microcontroller, addressing the challenges of real-
   Time, low-latency, and low-power performance in embedded systems.  The
   system leverages a Dynamic Vision Sensor (DVS), specifically the DVXplorer
   Micro, with an average temporal resolution of 200μs, to capture rapid eye
   movements with extremely low latency.  The system is implemented on a novel
   low-power and high-performance microcontroller from STMicroelectronics, the
   STM32N6. The microcontroller features an 800MHz Arm Cortex-M55 core and AI
   hardware accelerator, the Neural-ART Accelerator, enabling real-Time
   inference with milliwatt power consumption.  The paper propose a hardware-
   Aware and sensor-Aware compact Convolutional Neuron Network (CNN) optimized
   for event-based data, deployed at the edge, achieving a mean pupil
   prediction error of 5.99 pixels and a median error of 5.73 pixels on the
   Ini-30 dataset.  The system achieves an end-To-end inference latency of just
   385μs and a neural network throughput of 52 Multiply and Accumulate (MAC)
   operations per cycle while consuming just 155μJ of energy.  This approach
   allows for the development of a fully embedded, energy-efficient eye-
   Tracking solution suitable for applications such as smart glasses and
   wearable devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE dataset; event-based cameras; eye tracking; smart glasses; tinyml
ID big data; computer hardware; computer vision; convolutional neural networks;
   embedded systems; eye movements; glass; low power electronics; neurons;
   real-time systems; wearable sensors; dataset; event-based; event-based
   camera; eye tracking systems; eye tracking; low latency; low power
   performance; real- time; smart glass; tinyml; eye tracking; microcontrollers

---

UT 99
AR Ahmad S, 2025, IEEE INT CONF COMMUN, P4300, DOI
   10.1109/ICC52391.2025.11160908
TI Alphaenhancer: A Resource-Aware Game Agent for Single Image Super Resolution
   for Next-Generation Edge Communication Networks
AU Ahmad S; Rasool MJA; Jamil F; Ullah I; Whangbo T
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMMUN
PY 2025
AB Embedded resources have been becoming part of the Internet of Things
   networks, where they are increasingly taking part in various kinds of
   decision-making using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models.  Although
   offloading the TinyML model for these devices includes removing many layers
   that have less impact on the overall performance, they often lead to a
   sacrifice on the overall performance of the model.  In this paper, we
   propose a novel device-aware training strategy to customize the training
   based on the resources on which the model will be applied.  We proposed
   AlphaEnhancer, a resource-aware game agent for medical image super-
   resolution.  We baseline our approach on the Residual Feature Distillation
   Model (RFDN) and propose a device efficacy metrics, which is based on the
   learned actions of the agent.  The model with the highest efficacy is deemed
   appropriate for that particular device.  Our preliminary results show that
   our methods performed significantly well with respect to the baseline and
   other recent state-of-the-art.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; internet of things; reinforcement learning; super-
   resolution; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; decision making; edge computing; learning systems;
   medical image processing; next generation networks; communications networks;
   edge computing; image super resolutions; machine learning models;
   performance; reinforcement learnings; resource aware; single images; super-
   resolution; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 100
AR Agarwal H, 2025, INT CONF ENG INNOV TECHNOL ICOEIT, P1059, DOI
   10.1109/ICoEIT63558.2025.11210875
TI Optimizing Irrigation Through Embedded Machine Learning and IoT-Based
   Automation
AU Agarwal H; Bera UN; Bachan PR; Sahu S; Vidyarthi S; Bhatt A; Kumar N
TC 0
SO INT CONF ENG INNOV TECHNOL ICOEIT
PY 2025
AB The monitoring of factors influencing crop yield and growth in agriculture -
   whether precision, smart, or digital - has traditionally relied on non-ML,
   manually structured approaches that present practical limitations such as
   high monitoring costs and maintenance efforts.  With the aim of addressing
   these challenges, this paper proposes a low-cost, semi-autonomous embedded
   machine learning (Embedded ML) system providing real-time, crop-specific
   irrigation recommendations without reliance on cloud servers or internet
   connectivity.  Using Edge Impulse, we integrate Artificial Neural Networks
   (ANNs) into edge devices to analyze data of soil moisture, temperature, and
   humidity, providing accurate irrigation recommendations.  The approach
   follows a structured Embedded ML pipeline, encompassing data collection,
   model training, hardware-specific optimizations, and on-device deployment.
   The model achieved an initial accuracy of 95%. However, to make it suitable
   for deployment on edge devices, leading to an optimized accuracy of 73.75%,
   demonstrating its effectiveness in optimizing water distribution while
   reducing resource wastage.  However, challenges such as environmental
   variability and sensor precision introduce uncertainties, which can be
   mitigated through adaptive learning strategies.  This research contributes
   to the advancement of precision agriculture, showcasing how lightweight ML
   models on edge devices can enhance irrigation efficiency, conserve water
   resources, and support sustainable farming practices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE crop specific water management; edge ai; embedded machine learning (
   embedded ml ); iot-based agriculture; precision agriculture; smart
   irrigation; tinyml
ID agricultural machinery; automation; distributed computer systems; embedded
   systems; internet of things; irrigation; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; machine learning; neural networks; smart agriculture; soil surveys;
   water resources; crop specific water management; edge ai; embedded machine
   learning; embedded machines; iot-based agriculture; machine learning;
   precision agriculture; smart irrigation; tinyml; waters managements;
   precision agriculture

---

UT 104
AR Yoshioka K, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V17, P357, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2025.3598209
TI A 340- μ W TinyML Using LUT-Based Reservoir Computing on Low-Cost FPGAs
AU Yoshioka K; Tamukoh H
TC 0
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB We propose a reservoir computing (RC) system that operates under extremely
   strict power consumption constraints of less than 340 μW, which enables
   continuous operation for one year on a LR6 battery.  By combining a look-up
   tables networks based RC (LUTNet-RC) with iCE40 series field-programmable
   gate arrays (FPGAs), the proposed system achieves high computational
   accuracy while significantly reducing power consumption compared with
   conventional TinyML devices.  The proposed method achieves 93.1%, 98.6%, and
   92.7% accuracy in real TinyML applications such as human activity
   recognition, epilepsy detection, and electrocardiogram signal analysis,
   respectively, while operating at about 254 to 335 μW power consumption.
   This work shows that the proposed LUTNet-RC on iCE40 FPGAs are promising
   solutions for long-term operational machine learning application
   implementations in battery-powered edge devices.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE field programmable gate array; internet of thing ( iot ); machine learning;
   neuromorphic computing; reservoir computing ( rc ); tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; electric power utilization; green computing;
   learning systems; logic gates; machine learning; secondary batteries; signal
   analysis; table lookup; field programmable gate array; field programmables;
   internet of thing; machine learning; neuromorphic computing; power;
   programmable gate array; reservoir computing; tinyml; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 105
AR Giacobbe M, 2025, IOT - PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS, P156, DOI
   10.1145/3770501.3770520
TI Compare Transformer, KAN and KANsformer for Weather Nowcasting on IoT
   Devices in the Mediterrean Area
AU Giacobbe M; Carnevale L; Villari M
TC 0
SO IOT - PROC INT CONF INTERNET THINGS
PY 2025
AB Weather nowcasting is emerging as a solid methodology for making short-term
   predictions, typically in the range of a few hours.  Not so many scientific
   works have been proposed so far, mostly when adopting Transformer or
   Kolmogorov-Arnold Network (KAN). In this paper, we propose models based on
   the above-mentioned networks to determine the temperature nowcast with a
   range of 3h in advance.  The models were first trained on a daily dataset
   based on the Mediterranean area and then fine-tuned with an hourly dataset
   of the same area.  The comparison of Transformer, KAN and KANsformer
   demonstrated clear evidence in favor of the KAN. Finally, the model was
   compressed with the quantization method and deployed on an ESP-32 based chip
   for a concrete validation.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE edge intelligence; esp32; internet of things; quantization; tiny machine
   learning
ID artificial intelligence; information systems; information use; learning
   systems; edge intelligence; esp32; kolmogorov; machine learning; model-based
   opc; nowcast; nowcasting; quantization; short-term prediction; tiny machine
   learning; internet of things

---

UT 106
AR Liu Y, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70044
TI TinyML Induced Portable Food Defect Detection for Edge Computing
AU Liu Y
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Food defect detection is a critical link in ensuring food safety.
   Traditional machine vision-based detection systems rely on cloud servers to
   complete algorithmic inference, suffering from problems such as large
   detection equipment volume and insufficient real-time performance.  This
   paper proposes a portable lightweight detection scheme based on Terminal
   Machine Learning (TinyML) and Mobile Edge Computing (MEC). Through
   lightweight neural network model compression technology and edge node task
   collaboration mechanisms, low-power operation and millisecond-level response
   of the detection equipment are achieved.  Experimental results show that in
   the scenario of fruit surface defect detection, the system achieves a
   detection accuracy of (Formula presented.), with a single-frame inference
   power consumption of only 85 mW, meeting the practical application
   requirements of portable devices.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE food defect detection; lightweight model; mobile edge computing; portable
   device
ID edge detection; leak detection; portable equipment; critical links; defect
   detection; detection equipments; edge computing; food defect detection;
   food-safety; lightweight model; machine vision; portable device; vision-
   based detection systems; mobile edge computing

---

UT 109
AR Govarthan V, 2025, PROC INT CONF SUSTAIN COMMUN NETWORKS APPL ICSCN, P574,
   DOI 10.1109/ICSCN67106.2025.11308574
TI TinyML on Microcontrollers: Enabling Energy-Efficient, Real-Time, Privacy-
   Preserving Incremental Learning for Embedded Systems
AU Govarthan V; Thangamani M; Aarthi R; Satheesh S; Moorthy M; Kakade KV
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF SUSTAIN COMMUN NETWORKS APPL ICSCN
PY 2025
AB TinyML is transforming embedded systems by enabling machine learning models
   to perform real-time inference and incremental learning directly on highly
   constrained microcontrollers.  This paper explores algorithms and
   architectures that empower microcontrollers with TinyML capabilities,
   focusing on resource-efficient incremental model updates without cloud
   dependency.  We propose a lightweight framework enabling on-device real-time
   adaptation and demonstrate its efficacy on standard sensor datasets.
   Experimental results highlight up to 2% improvement in accuracy and
   approximately 65% reduction in energy consumption compared to traditional
   cloud-dependent approaches, validating the efficacy of the proposed on-
   device learning framework.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; embedded systems; incremental learning; microcontrollers; on-device
   training; tinyml
ID data privacy; energy efficiency; energy utilization; green computing;
   inference engines; learning systems; machine learning; real-time systems;
   edge ai; embedded-system; energy efficient; incremental learning; machine
   learning models; on-device training; privacy-preserving; real- time; real-
   time inference; tinyml; embedded systems; microcontrollers

---

UT 110
AR Espensønn Øren A, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P182220, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3622973
TI Concept Drift Under Harsh Constraints: A Review of Potential Strategies for
   IoT Systems
AU Espensønn Øren A; Kuna Peuker N; Adeyomi Adeniran-Lowe A-M; Ruepp S; Nordal
   Petersen M
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Concept drift, referring to the temporal evolution of data distributions,
   presents a significant challenge to the deployment of machine learning
   models in dynamic, real-world environments.  This paper surveys recent
   advances in autonomous concept drift detection and adaptation methods, with
   a particular focus on their applicability to resource-constrained platforms
   such as IoT devices.  This survey aspires to be a guideline for choosing a
   suitable architecture for any situation given the trade-off among detection
   accuracy, adaptability, and resource efficiency.  Our analysis reveals that
   while statistical methods offer low overhead, they are often insufficient
   for complex drift scenarios; conversely, more accurate methods may exceed
   embedded system limitations.  We conclude that modular, context-aware
   approaches that co-optimize both detection and adaptation under tight
   hardware constraints are essential for practical deployment in embedded
   learning systems.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE change detection; concept drift; drift adaptation; incremental learning;
   iot; tinyml; unsupervised learning
ID data accuracy; embedded systems; learning systems; statistical methods;
   unsupervised learning; change detection; concept drifts; data distribution;
   drift adaptation; incremental learning; iot; machine learning models; real-
   world environments; temporal evolution; tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 111
AR Testa R, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1263 LNEE, P258, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-71518-1_30
TI FPGA Implementation of a Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network for Real-
   Time Sensor Data Processing
AU Testa R; Yaacoub M; Gianoglio C; Valle M
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a shallow Convolutional Recurrent Neural Network (C-RNN)
   that directly employs raw signals for classification, implemented on a Field
   Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) for artificial texture classification.  Data
   was collected using a tactile sensing system based on piezoelectric polymers
   for eight artificial textures.  Preliminary experimental results show that
   the neural network achieves an accuracy of 96.54%, and the implementation
   utilizes a total of 208,441 LUTs, 1,247 DSPs, 74,679 flip-flops, and 306
   BRAM. The estimated latency is 1,242 clock cycles, corresponding to 6.21 μs
   with a 200 MHz clock used in the synthesis.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE artificial skin; field programmable gate array ( fpga ); tiny machine
   learning
ID convolutional neural networks; recurrent neural networks; artificial skin;
   field programmable gate array; field programmables; field programmable gate
   array implementations; machine learning; neural networks; programmable gate
   array; real-time sensors; sensor data processing; tiny machine learning;
   clocks

---

UT 113
AR Farida Yudistira SA, 2025, ICOAIT - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL - ARTIF
   INTELL DRIV PROSPER SUSTAIN MOD WORLD, P223, DOI
   10.1109/ICoAIT67446.2025.11309086
TI Optimized Model Selection for Embedded Drowsiness Detection: A Comparative
   Study of MobileNetV2 and EfficientNet-B0 on ESP32-CAM
AU Farida Yudistira SA; Kartika AW; Febriani C; Aditya Karna NB; Wijayanto I
TC 0
SO ICOAIT - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL - ARTIF INTELL DRIV PROSPER SUSTAIN
   MOD WORLD
PY 2025
AB Efficient driver drowsiness detection is a critical safety application, as
   drowsy driving is a leading cause of road accidents.  Lightweight CNNs such
   as MobileNetV2 have been specifically designed for mobile and embedded
   vision tasks, offering high accuracy with low computational cost.  In this
   study, we conduct a comparative analysis of three INT8-quantized CNN models
   for drowsiness detection on a resource-constrained device (ESP32-CAM):
   MobileNetV2 multi-output, MobileNetV2 single-output, and EfficientNet-B0.
   All models were trained on the same drowsiness dataset (collected via
   Roboflow) and evaluated using training and validation accuracy and loss, as
   well as confusion-matrix metrics (precision, recall, F1-score). Our results
   show that the MobileNetV2 single-output model achieved 96% accuracy in
   FLOAT32 and 93% in INT8, offering a strong balance between performance and
   efficiency, making it suitable for ESP32-CAM deployment.  In contrast, the
   multi-output MobileNetV2 reached 95% accuracy in FLOAT32 but dropped to 30%
   in INT8, rendering it unsuitable for constrained devices.  EfficientNet-B0
   outperformed both in FLOAT32 with 98% accuracy and maintained 96% in INT8,
   but its larger model size and memory demands exceeded ESP32-CAM limitations.
   The main contributions of this work are: (1) a comparative analysis of three
   lightweight CNNs for embedded drowsiness detection, (2) evaluation of INT8
   quantization on ESP32-CAM, (3) identification of MobileNetV2 single-output
   as the most deployable model, and (4) practical design insights for TinyML-
   based driver monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE driver drowsiness detection; edge ai; efficientnet-b0; esp32 cam;
   mobilenetv2; model quantization; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; automobile drivers; computer vision; highway
   accidents; multimedia systems; comparative analyzes; driver drowsiness;
   driver drowsiness detection; drowsiness detection; edge ai; efficientnet-b0;
   esp32 cam; mobilenetv2; modeling quantizations; tinyml; cams

---

UT 115
AR Nithish Kumar P, 2025, PROC INT CONF SUSTAIN COMPUT DATA COMMUN SYST ICSCDS,
   P2077, DOI 10.1109/ICSCDS65426.2025.11167868
TI An Adaptive Headlight Dimming Systems for Enhanced Night Driving Safety with
   Machine Learning on ARM Boards
AU Nithish Kumar P; Lakshmi Prabha K; Abishek S
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF SUSTAIN COMPUT DATA COMMUN SYST ICSCDS
PY 2025
AB The very fast development of road transport, though very significant to
   economic and social growth, has also caused a dreadfully huge increase in
   road accidents particularly night driving.  One of the reasons for such
   accidents is the Troxler effect, which is a visual impairment caused by the
   glare of oncoming high-beam headlamps that lowers drivers' visibility and
   response time.  This work proposes an embedded system and ML-based
   intelligent vehicle headlight solution for nighttime hazard reduction.
   Using real-time sensor feedback and rule-based control on low-power devices
   such as STM32 microcontrollers, we propose an optimized glare reduction
   headlight dimming system based on adaptive responses to dynamic traffic
   conditions.  The strategy focus on energy efficiency, simplicity, and cost-
   effectiveness while offering a practical alternative to computationally
   intensive complex machine learning algorithms, making it suitable for
   deployment on resource constrained systems like embedded and IoT-based
   automotive platforms.  Through the integration of embedded and IoT
   architectures, the research seeks to improve significantly road safety to
   allow for future smarter, safer, and more responsive automotive systems.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE automotive electronics; camera-based detection; embedded systems; glare
   reduction; internet of things; night time accidents; tinyml
ID accident prevention; automobile drivers; automobile electronic equipment;
   cost effectiveness; energy efficiency; glare; glare effects; headlights;
   highway accidents; intelligent systems; intelligent vehicle highway systems;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; motor
   transportation; real-time systems; roads and streets; % reductions;
   automotives; camera-based; camera-based detection; dimming systems;
   embedded-system; glare reduction; night time; night time accident; tinyml;
   embedded systems

---

UT 116
AR Delgado P, 2025, INT CONF UBIQUITOUS FUTUR NETW ICUFN, P235, DOI
   10.1109/ICUFN65838.2025.11169954
TI Road Surface Classification Using an Accelerometer and MiniROCKET on Ultra-
   Low-Power STM32
AU Delgado P; Melo C/1; Carvalho G; Fukuda V; Silva R
TC 0
SO INT CONF UBIQUITOUS FUTUR NETW ICUFN
PY 2025
AB Embedding Machine Learning (ML) algorithms into Advanced Driver-Assistance
   Systems (ADAS) has been growing in popularity, since they enhance the
   perception of sensors such as cameras, radars, and LiDAR. While Inertial
   Measurement Units (IMUs) have a high maturity in applications such as airbag
   deployment and stability control, the application of ML to IMUs allowing for
   more complex applications in the automotive industry has been comparatively
   underexplored.  However, deploying ML models in automotive applications
   presents challenges, including strict power, memory, and latency constraints
   and to address this, we propose a Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) based
   approach for road surface classification using an accelerometer.  Our method
   employs a state-of-the-art time-series random convolutional kernel feature
   extraction method - MiniROCKET - which combined with a Logistic Regression
   model achieves a 19 ms inference time, an extremely low 30 mW power
   consumption - roughly equivalent to a blinking LED - and a classification
   accuracy of 96.96% when distinguishing between Asphalt, Cobblestone and Dirt
   roads on an STM32L476RG microcontroller.  This demonstrates the feasibility
   of efficient, low-power road surface classification for embedded ADAS
   applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE accelerometer; microcontroller; minirocket; road surface classification;
   tinyml
ID advanced driver assistance systems; automobile drivers; automotive industry;
   classification ( of information ); controllers; internet of things; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; logistic regression; roads and streets;
   advanced driver assistances; driver assistance systems; inertial
   measurements units; machine learning; minirocket; road surface
   classification; road surfaces; surface classification; tiny machine
   learning; ultra-low power; accelerometers; microcontrollers

---

UT 117
AR Rüegg T, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11228606
TI Nano VS: a Neural Perception Layer for Fully Onboard Visual Semantic Mapping
   on Tiny Robots
AU Rüegg T; Giordano M; Polonelli T; Benini L; Magno M
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Achieving Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) in an unfamiliar
   environment is a crucial challenge, especially for robots that rely on
   efficient on-device processing.  While accurate mapping is achievable on
   high-end robotic systems, it still faces substantial challenges due to
   hardware and latency constraints, especially on smaller robots with limited
   power budget.  Although machine learning is proving highly effective for
   robot perception, there is a growing need for lightweight solutions in terms
   of computation and sensing.  This paper presents Nano VS, a lightweight
   monocular perception layer supporting semantic mapping with less than 1 M
   parameters.  We propose a family of quantized and efficient models
   integrating emerging attention layers and weight-sharing in a multi-task
   neural network.  Experimental results demonstrate multiple tasks within a
   single model, including Semantic Segmentation (SS), Feature Detection and
   Description (FDD), and Visual Place Recognition (VPR). Our findings indicate
   that multi-tasking effectively reduces computational overhead by eliminating
   the need for multiple networks.  Nano VS achieves 70% classwise mIoU with
   the cityscapes benchmark and 66% Recall@1 in the Pitts30k challenge on tiny
   images (120x160 pixels). Finally, this paper implements and evaluates Nano
   VS on a novel milliwatt multi-core RISC-V Microcontroller (MCU), running the
   full semantic front-end in as little as 52 ms, consuming only 9 mJ per
   inference.  This work represents a significant step towards making advanced
   SLAM capabilities accessible to tiny robots, or even faster and energy-
   efficient SLAM on high-end processors.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE mapping; robots; semantic slam; tinyml; visual slam

---

UT 118
AR Kappes J, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11227379
TI Automated Graph-level Passes for TinyML Fault Tolerance
AU Kappes J; Geier J; van Kempen P; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Schlichtmann U
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Deploying Machine Learning (ML) applications on Microcontroller Unit
   (MCU)-type devices, known as TinyML, poses significant challenges due to
   constrained resources.  Consequently, this restricts the integration of
   fault tolerance mechanisms.  Many redundancy techniques consume substantial
   amounts of already limited resources.  To address this, Algorithm-Based
   Fault Tolerance (ABFT) methods for ML workloads focus on resource-intensive
   neural network operators at the kernel-level.  However, this abstraction
   level introduces challenges, as these operators are often encapsulated
   within vendor-specific proprietary libraries.  This work introduces
   automated and universal graph-level Data Flow Graph (DFG) passes supporting
   common kernel-level ABFT methods, along with a sophisticated redundancy
   mechanism called Dual Module Redundancy Island (DMRland). These DFG passes
   are implemented in the Tensor Virtual Machine (TVM) compiler framework and
   evaluated on a CPU-only execution platform with the MLPerf™Tiny benchmark.
   Our experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach achieves
   competitive fault resilience in comparison to kernel-level ABFT methods,
   resulting in a reduction by two orders of magnitude for misclassification
   with combined ABFT and DMRland methods.  Further, the run-time overhead
   (RTO) remains, on average, 19% lower than for comparable kernel-based
   implementations.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE compilers; fault injection; fault tolerance; machine learning

---

UT 119
AR Zainab T, 2025, PROC ACM SYMP APPL COMPUT, P551, DOI 10.1145/3672608.3707845
TI SeismicSense: Phase Picking of Seismic Events with Embedded Machine Learning
AU Zainab T; Harms L; Karstens J; Landsiedel O
TC 0
SO PROC ACM SYMP APPL COMPUT
PY 2025
AB Analyzing seismic data is essential for understanding natural geological
   processes and anthropogenic activities, particularly in localizing seismic
   events.  While recent advances in seismic analysis rely heavily on resource-
   intensive machine learning approaches, these methods are impractical in
   resource-constrained environments such as underwater, underground, or rural
   areas.  To address this, we introduce SeismicSense, a lightweight neural
   network (NN)-based solution for sensor-level seismic data analysis.
   SeismicSense detects seismic events and localizes them by identifying
   seismic event phases through a cascading architecture.  Initially,
   SeismicSense uses an NN to filter out non-earthquake events, minimizing
   false positives.  Upon identifying an earthquake, it detects the P- and S-
   phases, which are crucial for determining the origin and magnitude of
   seismic activity.  SeismicSense significantly reduces data transmission by
   communicating only the arrival times of these phases to the cloud, enabling
   efficient and selective communication during seismic events.  Despite being
   20 times smaller than state-of-the-art models and requiring just 186 KB of
   RAM, SeismicSense achieves exceptional performance, with F1-scores of 99.4%
   for earthquake detection, 98% for P-wave detection, and 96% for S-wave
   detection.  Additionally, leveraging integer acceleration on modern MCUs
   enhances efficiency, reducing inference time on Cortex-M MCUs by 18-fold
   compared to non-accelerated methods, enabling real-time execution.
   Copyright © 2025 held by the owner/author(s).
DE deep neural networks; earthquake detection; edge ai; internet of things; low
   power; seismological data analysis; tinyml
ID data reduction; earthquake effects; seismic prospecting; seismic response;
   supervised learning; earthquake detection; edge ai; embedded machines; low
   power; neural networks; phase pickings; seismic event; seismological data;
   seismological data analyze; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 121
AR Patel Y, 2025, IEEE INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN TECHNOL CONECCT, DOI
   10.1109/CONECCT65861.2025.11306494
TI XAI-Enhanced Lightweight Multi-Class Attack Classification in Smart Homes
   with 5G-Based Secure Communication Framework
AU Patel Y; Vanjara K; Thakore M; Vyas K; Pathak L/1; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN TECHNOL CONECCT
PY 2025
AB The urgent rise in popularity of smart residences has developed an increased
   demand for fast and efficient cyber-attack detection methodologies.  This
   paper proposes an Explainable AI (XAI)-enhanced framework for multi-class
   attack classification in smart homes utilizing 5G-based secure
   communication.  The model includes the advanced TinyML, LSTM, and GRU deep
   learning models optimized with Adam, Nadam, adn RMSprop.  Of these, the
   TinyML model produced the best validation accuracy of 98.38% with the Nadam
   optimizer and had a very small model size of only 0.06 MB, which is
   extremely suitable for resource-limited environments.  Interpretability is
   realised by the combination of SHAP and LIME, which gives concrete
   explanations from the features toward attack detection.Key features such as
   read_write_physical.process and is_with_payload were identified as critical
   in distinguishing attack classes.Experiment results illustrate that the
   above-proposed framework has a decent trade-off among high accuracy, low
   error rate, and less computational cost and outperforms traditional models
   like LSTM and GRU. Scalability and efficiency of the proposed framework for
   real-time multi-class attack classification with this paper make it possible
   as a foundation to construct secure and transparent IoT conditions for smart
   houses.Future research will include extending to process novel attack
   vectors as well as deploying the framework to other IoT applications.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE 5g communication; explainable ai; lime; multi-class attack classification;
   shap; smart homes; tinyml
ID 5g mobile communication systems; classification ( of information ); deep
   learning; intelligent buildings; internet of things; network security; smart
   homes; 5g communication; attack classifications; attack detection;
   communication framework; cyber-attacks; explainable ai; multi-class attack
   classification; shap; smart homes; tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 122
AR Jones JP, 2025, PROC AUSTRIAN WORK MICROELECTRON AUSTROCHIP, P69, DOI
   10.1109/Austrochip67945.2025.11183718
TI Vicuna2.0: RISC-V Embedded Vector Unit with Half-Precision Floating-Point
   Support for TinyML
AU Jones JP; Van Kempen P; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 0
SO PROC AUSTRIAN WORK MICROELECTRON AUSTROCHIP
PY 2025
AB With increasing computation demands on resource-constrained embedded
   systems, half-precision floating-point has emerged as a possible datatype to
   make use of the dynamic range of floating-point representations while
   reducing overall design complexity.  The RISC-V vector extension includes a
   sub-extension for half-precision floating point, but its viability for
   embedded systems has not be evaluated.  After implementing the Zvfh
   extension and all required dependencies, a design-space exploration was
   performed to find an optimal system for a common machine learning task,
   anomaly detection.  When compared to an integer-only vector system, the
   half-precision floating-point system had a 25% lower LUT overhead due to the
   change in program characteristics and use of a smaller datatype for
   intermediate values with only a 8% higher execution time.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE half-precision floating-point; neural network inference; risc-v; tinyml;
   vectorization
ID anomaly detection; artificial intelligence; embedded software; embedded
   systems; integer programming; learning systems; reduced instruction set
   computing; space research; datatypes; half-precision floating-point; network
   inference; neural network inference; neural networks; precision floating-
   point; risc-v; tinyml; vector units; vectorization; digital arithmetic

---

UT 127
AR Penner K, 2025, IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN, DOI
   10.1109/BSN66969.2025.11337752
TI Into the Wild: Reliable Physiological Sensing with on-Device Autoencoder-
   Based Anomaly Detection
AU Penner K; Wittenfeld F; Hesse M; Thies M
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN
PY 2025
AB Pushing physiological sensing into the wild: this work equips our ultra-low-
   power physiological BI-Vital sensor with an int8-quantized autoencoder that
   produces a real-time signal-quality index (SQI) for electrocardiograms (ECG)
   beside standard heart rate computations.  The supervised model, trained on
   PhysioNet CinC2017 and three newly annotated BI-Vital single-lead ECG
   datasets, combines a compact encoder-decoder with a lightweight classifier
   head.  On the STM32L476JE microcontroller from BI-Vital, the model uses 31
   kB of RAM and 85 kB of flash memory, completes inference in 195 ms and still
   leaves room for parallel sensor services.  Across eight train/test splits
   the approach generalizes well, reaching an F1 score of 0.988 while
   maintaining 2 \cdot 10-3 performance loss after quantization.  By converting
   raw continuous ECG data into periodic heart rate and SQI recordings, storage
   space on the device is reduced by 99.6%, demonstrating a practical way for
   reliable, data-efficient monitoring outside the laboratory.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE autoencoder; ecg anomaly; on-device inference; signal quality index ( sqi );
   tinyml; ultra-low-power microcontroller; wearable; wireless body sensor
ID biomedical signal processing; body sensor networks; classification ( of
   information ); electrocardiograms; embedded systems; flash memory; heart;
   quantization ( signal ); random access storage; signal encoding; auto
   encoders; body sensors; ecg anomaly; low power microcontrollers; on-device
   inference; quality indices; signal quality; signal quality index; tinyml;
   ultra-low power; ultra-low-power microcontroller; wearable; wireless body
   sensor; microcontrollers

---

UT 128
AR Yen C-H, 2025, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V24, DOI 10.1145/3757917
TI Catch Non-determinism If You Can: Intermittent Inference of Dynamic Neural
   Networks
AU Yen C-H; Mendis HR; Kuo T-W; Hsiu P-C
TC 0
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2025
AB Guaranteeing reliable deep neural network (DNN) inference despite
   intermittent power is the cornerstone of enabling intelligent systems in
   energy-harvesting environments.  Existing intermittent inference approaches
   support static neural networks with deterministic execution characteristics,
   accumulating progress across power cycles.  However, dynamic neural networks
   adapt their structures at runtime.  We observe that because intermittent
   inference approaches are unaware of this non-deterministic execution
   behavior, they suffer from incorrect progress recovery, degrading inference
   accuracy and performance.  This work proposes non-deterministic inference
   progress accumulation to enable dynamic neural network inference on
   intermittent systems.  Our middleware, NodPA, realizes this methodology by
   strategically selecting additional progress information to capture the non-
   determinism of the power-interrupted computation while preserving only the
   changed portions of the progress information to maintain low runtime
   overhead.  Evaluations are conducted on a Texas Instruments device with both
   static and dynamic neural networks under time-varying power sources.
   Compared to intermittent inference approaches reliant on determinism, NodPA
   is less prone to inference non-termination and achieves an average inference
   speedup of 1.57 times without compromising accuracy, with greater
   improvements for highly dynamic networks under weaker power.  © 2025
   Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE dynamic neural networks; energy harvesting; intermittent systems; tinyml
ID computer system recovery; deep neural networks; intelligent systems; time
   varying networks; deterministic execution; dynamic neural networks; energy;
   intermittent systems; network inference; neural networks; non determinism;
   power; static neural networks; tinyml; energy harvesting

---

UT 129
AR Xiang J, 2025, INT CONF ELECTRON COMMUN NETW COMPUT TECHNOL ECNCT, P81, DOI
   10.1109/ECNCT66493.2025.11172604
TI Resource Allocation for Low-Power loT with Imperfect CSI
AU Xiang J; Lai X/1; He X/1; Shi Y/1; Yang F/1; Huang J
TC 0
SO INT CONF ELECTRON COMMUN NETW COMPUT TECHNOL ECNCT
PY 2025
AB In the dynamic Low-Power Internet of Things (IoT) scenario with vehicle-to-
   vehicle (V2V) communications, each vehicle with TinyML will cause
   interference to others under a dynamic environment, resulting in cumulative
   overlapping interference and imperfect channel state information (CSI).
   Aiming at the problem of interference avoidance and resource allocation
   considering cumulative overlapping interference in large-scale V2V vehicular
   networks with imperfect CSI, this paper proposed an interference hypergraph-
   based resource allocation for large-scale Low-Power IoT with imperfect CSI.
   To analyze the complex cumulative overlapping interference, we construct the
   interference hypergraph model and obtain multiple virtual sub-cells.  Then,
   a queue-based delay model is built for delay-sensitive services and a
   stochastic resource allocation model considering the quality of service
   (QoS) and imperfect CSI are established under the multiple virtual sub-
   cells.  Since the introduced imperfect CSI with random parameters will make
   the model uncertain and hard to solve, we employ Gaussian theory to
   transform the uncertain constraints into deterministic constraints and
   propose a resource allocation scheme for large-scale Low-Power IoT with
   imperfect CSI. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed scheme
   achieves high throughput and energy efficiency © 2025 IEEE.
DE imperfect csi; interference hypergraph; low power iot; resource allocation;
   vehicle to vehicle with tinyml
ID channel capacity; communication channels ( information theory ); energy
   efficiency; internet of things; low power electronics; quality of service;
   stochastic models; stochastic systems; vehicles; hyper graph; imperfect
   channel state information; interference hypergraph; large-scales; low power;
   low power internet of thing; resources allocation; sub-cells; vehicle to
   vehicles; vehicle to vehicle with tinyml; resource allocation

---

UT 130
AR Hossan I, 2025, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, DOI 10.1109/LES.2025.3639944
TI TinyHAR-Net: Design and Implementation of a TinyML-Based Human Activity
   Recognition Framework on STM32
AU Hossan I; Mary MNJ; Motin MA
TC 0
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2025
AB Deploying high-performing and resource-efficient human activity recognition
   (HAR) models on microcontrollers (MCUs) remains a significant challenge due
   to severe limitations in memory and computational capacity.  While methods
   like quantization and pruning can reduce model size, they mostly degrade the
   model's performance.  In this letter, we introduce TinyHAR-Net, a novel
   lightweight hybrid model designed specifically for efficient, real-time HAR
   on embedded devices, without needing those extra optimization steps.  The
   model combines depthwise separable convolutions with a single-head Linformer
   self-attention mechanism to effectively capture both local and global
   features in sensor data.  We evaluated the model on three public datasets,
   including WISDM, MotionSense, and MHEALTH, and deployed it on an STM32F446RE
   microcontroller.  TinyHAR-Net achieved F1 scores of 96.75% on WISDM, 97.73%
   on MotionSense, and 99.76% on MHEALTH, with corresponding flash memory usage
   of 43.78 KB, 47.16 KB, and 51.30 KB, and inference latency of 41.31 ms,
   46.37 ms, and 51.57 ms, respectively.  RAM consumption was consistently
   30.12 KB across all datasets.  Without relying on compression, TinyHAR-Net
   provides a reliable and efficient solution for real-time human activity
   recognition on devices with limited resources.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE depthwise separable convolution; embedded systems; human activity
   recognition ( har ); microcontrollers ( mcus ); tiny machine learning (
   tinyml )
ID artificial intelligence; convolution; flash memory; learning systems;
   mhealth; microcontrollers; pattern recognition; random access storage;
   depthwise separable convolution; design and implementations; embedded-
   system; human activity recognition; machine learning; microcontroller ( mcu
   ); real- time; resource-efficient; tiny machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 131
AR Wang M/1, 2025, SENS REV, P1, DOI 10.1108/SR-07-2025-0503
TI TinyML-based OOD anomaly detection and time synchronization optimization:
   enhancing the spatiotemporal consistency of anomalous data in industrial IoT
AU Wang M/1; Bian W; Xie Q; Lv M; Du Q
TC 0
SO SENS REV
PY 2025
AB Purpose – This study aim to propose a low-power, edge-deployable out-of-
   distribution (OOD) anomaly detection model and an anomaly-triggered time
   synchronization mechanism to address the challenges of anomaly detection
   accuracy and spatiotemporal consistency in Industrial Internet of Things
   (IIoT) systems, particularly for resource-constrained TinyML platforms.
   Design/methodology/approach – The authors developed a hybrid anomaly
   detection model based on a one-dimensional convolutional autoencoder
   (1D-CAE) and one-class support vector machine.  The model learns normal
   patterns through reconstruction error and performs anomaly detection.  In
   addition, the authors introduce a lightweight anomaly-driven synchronization
   mechanism that combines regression-based clock drift correction with
   adaptive heartbeat signaling to ensure clock synchronization between nodes.
   Findings – In the experimental environment we built, the authors’ proposed
   method achieved an anomaly detection accuracy of 99.8% with a timestamp
   alignment precision of 0.8 ms, while maintaining low power and bandwidth
   consumption.  Compared to traditional methods, this approach reduces
   bandwidth consumption by 79.2% and energy consumption by 5.5%, demonstrating
   its efficiency and feasibility for real-world IIoT deployments.
   Originality/value – The authors integrate OOD anomaly detection with an
   anomaly-triggered synchronization mechanism into a unified framework,
   specifically designed for resource-constrained TinyML devices.  This
   provides an innovative solution for achieving spatiotemporal consistency in
   edge-based anomaly analytics.  This approach holds significant theoretical
   and practical value for advancing efficient anomaly detection and real-time
   synchronization in industrial IoT applications.  © 2025 Emerald Publishing
   Limited
DE bandwidth optimization; low power optimization; ood detection; time
   synchronization; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; internet of things; low power electronics; mechanical
   clocks; synchronization; anomaly detection; anomaly detection models;
   bandwidth optimization; detection accuracy; low power optimizations; out-of-
   distribution detection; spatio-temporal consistencies; synchronization
   mechanisms; time synchronization; tinyml; bandwidth

---

UT 132
AR Toth BM, 2025, SACI IEEE INT SYMP APPL COMPUT INTELL INFORMATICS, P99, DOI
   10.1109/SACI66288.2025.11030168
TI Autoencoder Based CAN BUS IDS System Architecture and Performance Evaluation
AU Toth BM; Banati A
TC 0
SO SACI IEEE INT SYMP APPL COMPUT INTELL INFORMATICS
PY 2025
AB With the increasing sophistication and frequency of cyber threats targeting
   modern vehicles [1], the need for efficient, real-time intrusion detection
   systems (IDS) has become critical.  This study explores the feasibility of
   deploying an autoencoder-based IDS [2] for CAN BUS networks in
   resourceconstrained automotive environments.  Unlike conventional deep
   learning approaches that rely on computationally intensive models, this
   research focuses on developing a lightweight, optimized autoencoder
   architecture capable of detecting anomalies while maintaining computational
   efficiency.  The study follows a systematic approach, beginning with the
   design of a baseline autoencoder model, followed by iterative improvements
   in architecture complexity, parameter tuning, and dataset preprocessing to
   enhance detection performance.  Furthermore, the model is deployed on an
   embedded system using the TinyML framework, enabling real-time execution on
   low-power microcontrollers.  Key challenges such as model compression,
   inference latency, and memory footprint optimization are addressed to ensure
   practical implementation.  The proposed IDS is evaluated based on detection
   accuracy, computational efficiency, and real-world performance metrics,
   providing insights into the trade-offs associated with deploying deep
   learning models in embedded automotive environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE autoencoder; automotive cybersecurity; can bus; embedded; ids; tinyml
ID busses; computational efficiency; cost effectiveness; cybersecurity; deep
   learning; embedded systems; intrusion detection; iterative methods; learning
   systems; memory architecture; auto encoders; automotive cybersecurity;
   automotive environment; automotives; can bus; cyber security; embedded;
   intrusion detection systems; systems performance; tinyml; economic and
   social effects

---

UT 133
AR Rahmawan J, 2025, ICOAIT - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL - ARTIF INTELL DRIV
   PROSPER SUSTAIN MOD WORLD, P149, DOI 10.1109/ICoAIT67446.2025.11308749
TI Temporal Gated Neural Model for Odor Classification in TinyML Devices
AU Rahmawan J; Yudhana A; Risky JM
TC 0
SO ICOAIT - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL - ARTIF INTELL DRIV PROSPER SUSTAIN
   MOD WORLD
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a lightweight, real-time odor classification system for
   meat authentication, implemented on an ESP32 microcontroller using a gas
   sensor array and embedded AI. To address instability in early-stage sensor
   signals, we propose a Temporal Gated Classification (TGC) approach that
   filters signals based on average slope before feature extraction and
   inference.  The system, named TinyNose-TGC, extracts time-domain and
   spectral features from three low-cost metal-oxide gas sensors (MQ135, MQ3,
   MQ4) and classifies meat types using a compact neural network model.
   Experimental results show that applying a 40% gating threshold improves
   macro F1-score from 73.0% to 80.0%. In addition, classification accuracy
   increased from 72.9% to 79.2%, while the false positive rate decreased from
   18.0% to 9.5%. The slope-gated filtering also reduced average inference time
   from 104 ms to 92 ms, enabling faster execution.  The final quantized model
   size was only 28.3 KB, fully compatible with TensorFlow Lite for
   Microcontrollers.  Principal Component Analysis (PCA) confirms that TGC
   enhances class separability.  These findings demonstrate that simple
   temporal filtering not only improves classification reliability but also
   reduces computational cost, making it suitable for deployment in real-time,
   low-power embedded environments such as food authentication and spoilage
   detection.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE electronic nose; embedded ai; esp32; gas-sensors; meat authentication; odor
   recognition; real-time inference; slope-based filtering; temporal gated
   classification; tinyml
ID authentication; extraction; gas detectors; intelligent systems; meats; mos
   devices; neural networks; odor control; sensory aids; signal processing;
   spoilage; time domain analysis; embedded ai; esp32; gas-sensors; meat
   authentication; odor classification; odor recognition; real-time inference;
   slope-based filtering; temporal gated classification; tinyml; electronic
   nose; microcontrollers; principal component analysis

---

UT 138
AR Samakovlis D, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P45, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2024.3483034
TI BiomedBench: A Benchmark Suite of TinyML Biomedical Applications for Low-
   Power Wearables
AU Samakovlis D; Albini S; Rodríguez Álvarez R; Constantinescu D-A; Schiavone
   PD; Peón-Quirós M; Atienza D
TC 0
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB Editor’s notes: This article introduces BiomedBench, the first benchmark
   suite specifically designed for evaluating TinyML applied in the context of
   low-power wearable biomedical devices.  BiomedBench represents a valuable
   step toward reproducible evaluation in wearable TinyML and will serve as a
   foundational benchmark suite for future research and development in this
   rapidly growing field.  —Theocharis Theocharides, University of Cyprus,
   Cyprus —Marian Verhelst, KU Leuven, Belgium —Vijay Janapa Reddy, Harvard
   University, USA —Evgeni Gousev, Qualcomm, USA © 2013 IEEE.
DE benchmarking; biomedical applications; low power; signal processing; tinyml;
   wearable
ID wearable computers; application design; benchmark suites; biomedical
   applications; hardware design; hardware evaluations; low power; real-time
   monitoring; signal processing; tinyml; wearable; benchmarking

---

UT 140
AR Watt T, 2025, PROC - IEEE INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SYST WORK ICDCSW, P362,
   DOI 10.1109/ICDCSW63273.2025.00067
TI Improving Healthcare AI-Support Systems for Skin Lesion Diagnosis With
   tinyML
AU Watt T
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SYST WORK ICDCSW
PY 2025
AB AI assistants are extremely useful and important in the healthcare domain.
   However, AI assistants often require an internet connection to function,
   which limits their use-cases.  We review existing literature on tinyML for
   diagnosis, examine and compare various multimodal models on the market, and
   propose a healthcare AI-support system that can be used to diagnose skin
   lesions in remote areas.  We conclude by outlining future research.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; image classification; machine learning; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; diagnosis; healthcare; learning systems; healthcare
   domains; images classification; internet connection; machine learning;
   multi-modal models; remote areas; skin lesion; support systems; tinyml;
   image classification

---

UT 141
AR Zhang N, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL ENG MANAG ICAIEM, P91, DOI
   10.1109/ICAIEM66060.2025.11139345
TI Research on Lightweight AI Models for UAV Identity Authentication and
   Intrusion Detection in the Low-Altitude Economy
AU Zhang N
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL ENG MANAG ICAIEM
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a TinyML-based lightweight deep learning model to
   address the risks of UAV identity forgery and illegal intrusion, enabling
   real-time identity authentication and abnormal behavior detection at the
   drone edge.  To further optimize computational efficiency, we explore
   pruning and dynamic sparsity techniques alongside quantization-aware
   training, reducing FLOPs by 40% without accuracy loss.  By combining
   depthwise separable convolution with an attention mechanism, the proposed
   network architecture significantly reduces computational complexity while
   maintaining recognition accuracy.  Future work will integrate multimodal
   data (e.g., acoustic/lidar) to enhance robustness against environmental
   variations.  Experimental results demonstrate that the model achieves 98.7%
   accuracy in UAV identity authentication tasks, an F1-score of 96.3% for
   anomaly detection, and a compact size of only 1.2MB, enabling real-time
   inference on mainstream drone edge computing chips.  This research provides
   an effective lightweight solution for low-altitude economy security, with
   scalability to diverse regulatory frameworks.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE identity authentication; intrusion detection; lightweight model; low-
   altitude economy; tinyml; uav security
ID aircraft detection; anomaly detection; authentication; computational
   efficiency; computer crime; deep learning; drones; learning systems; network
   security; abnormal behavior detections; identity authentication; intrusion
   detection; learning models; lightweight model; low altitudes; low-altitude
   economy; real- time; tinyml; uav security; intrusion detection

---

UT 142
AR Pavan M, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11229191
TI TActiLE: Tiny Active LEarning for wearable devices
AU Pavan M; Galimberti C; Roveri M
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) algorithms have seen extensive use in recent
   years, enabling wearable devices to be not only connected but also genuinely
   intelligent by running machine learning (ML) computations directly on-
   device.  Among such devices, smart glasses have particularly benefited from
   TinyML advancements.  TinyML facilitates the on-device execution of the
   inference phase of ML algorithms on embedded and wearable devices, and more
   recently, it has expanded into On-device Learning (ODL), which allows both
   inference and learning phases to occur directly on the device.  The
   application of ODL techniques to wearable devices is particularly
   compelling, as it enables the development of more personalized models that
   adapt based on the user's data.  However, one of the major challenges of ODL
   algorithms is the scarcity of labeled data collected on-device.  In smart
   wearable contexts, requiring users to manually label large amounts of data
   is often impractical and could lead to user disengagement with the
   technology.To address this issue, this paper explores the application of
   Active Learning (AL) techniques, i.e., techniques that aim at minimizing the
   labeling effort, by actively selecting from a large quantity of unlabeled
   data only a small subset to be labeled and added to the training set of the
   algorithm.  In particular, we propose TActiLE, a novel AL algorithm that
   selects from the stream of on-device sensor data the ones that would help
   the ML algorithm improve the most once coupled with labels provided by the
   user.  TActiLE is the first Active Learning technique specifically designed
   for the TinyML context.  We evaluate its effectiveness and efficiency
   through experiments on multiple image classification datasets.  The results
   demonstrate that, within the stringent resource constraints of TinyML and
   wearables environments, TActiLE outperforms both a simple random selection
   baseline and more complex Stream Active Learning algorithms, demonstrating
   its suitability for tiny and wearable devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE active learning; on-device learning; stream learning; tinyml; wearable
   devices
ID active learning; computer aided instruction; image classification; labeled
   data; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; wearable
   computers; wearable sensors; active learning; active learning algorithm;
   learning techniques; machine learning algorithms; machine learning; on-
   device learning; smart glass; stream learning; tiny machine learning;
   wearable devices; inference engines

---

UT 144
AR Flores T, 2025, PROC IEEE INT SMART CITIES CONFRESILIENT SUSTAIN SMART
   COMMUN ISC2, DOI 10.1109/ISC266238.2025.11293329
TI Quantifying the Carbon Footprint of Electric Vehicles in Sustainable Urban
   Mobility
AU Flores T; Medeiros M; Silva M; Costa DG; Silva I
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT SMART CITIES CONFRESILIENT SUSTAIN SMART COMMUN ISC2
PY 2025
AB Real-time measurement of CO2 emissions allows assessment of both the carbon
   footprint and indirect environmental impacts of electric vehicles (EVs) in
   urban areas.  This study presents a TinyML framework that estimates CO2
   emissions using lightweight regression models deployed on microcontrollers
   interfaced with the vehicle's OBD-II system.  Eight compact machine learning
   models, including Decision Tree, Multilayer Perceptron (MLP), and Long
   Short-Term Memory (LSTM), were evaluated.  The Decision Tree model was
   selected for embedded implementation due to its high predictive accuracy and
   low computational requirements.  A case study using real driving data from a
   BMW i3 (EV) and a Volkswagen Polo (ICVE) showed that the embedded model
   achieved a 3 μ s inference latency, requiring only 432 KB of Flash memory
   and 21 KB of RAM. On the same urban route, the model estimated 6.39 g km CO2
   for the EV and 129.33 g km for the ICVE, representing a 95.06 % reduction.
   This approach escalable, low-cost CO2 monitoring directly at the edge,
   supporting data-driven policy and mobility.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded ai; mobility; smart cities; tinyml
ID behavioral research; carbon emissions; decision trees; electric vehicles;
   environmental impact; flash memory; intelligent systems; learning systems;
   long short-term memory; regression analysis; smart city; co 2 emission;
   compact machines; embedded ai; measurements of; mobility; real-time
   measurements; regression modeling; tinyml; urban areas; urban mobility;
   carrier mobility

---

UT 146
AR De Leon JNA, 2025, INT CONF GREEN ENERGY COMPUT SUSTAIN TECHNOL GECOST, DOI
   10.1109/GECOST66002.2025.11324570
TI Low Sampling Rate of Vibration Analysis Approach for Induction Motor
   Condition-Based Predictive Maintenance
AU De Leon JNA; Clemente JIDG; Caragan BBDS; Baez KCF; Santiago PRA; Lacara AA;
   Lapiguera DM; Jimenez NG; Leyesa MC; Calinao HA; Galvez RL; dela Cruz DR;
   Mariano OR
TC 0
SO INT CONF GREEN ENERGY COMPUT SUSTAIN TECHNOL GECOST
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a machine condition-based maintenance approach that
   leverages vibration data and embedded deep learning for real-time machine
   fault detection.  Vibration signals were collected by a machine running at
   1720 rpm and processed at a sampling rate of 1 Hz.  Spectral features such
   as spectral power and RMS were extracted using FFT and then used to train a
   deep neural network classifier model.  The model achieved a high accuracy of
   96.9% in classifying machine faults, including faulty bearings, faulty
   belts, combined bearing and belt faults, and normal and failure conditions.
   The model has been optimized for use on a microcontroller.  The model's
   performance on a device with TensorFlow Lite and the Edge Optimized Neural
   Compiler is evaluated.  The results show that the classifier model is
   suitable for real-time condition monitoring using an ESP32 processor.  The
   results show that accurate machine fault classification can be achieved even
   with a lower sampling rate, making this solution feasible for edge computing
   applications in industrial environments.  ©2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; predictive maintenance; signal processing; tinyml; vibration
   analysis
ID bearings ( machine parts ); belts; condition based maintenance; condition
   monitoring; deep neural networks; fault detection; learning systems;
   predictive analytics; predictive maintenance; tensors; analysis approach;
   classifier models; edge ai; inductions motors; machine faults; predictive
   maintenance; sampling rates; signal processing; tinyml; vibrations analysis;
   signal processing; vibration analysis

---

UT 148
AR Bolat Y, 2025, INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS, DOI
   10.1109/SmartNets65254.2025.11106852
TI Low-Power Microcontroller-Based Decentralized Distributed Sequential Neural
   Network for Anomaly Detection in Wireless Sensor Networks
AU Bolat Y; Ferdosian N; Murray I
TC 0
SO INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS
PY 2025
AB As IoT applications grow, low-power Microcontroller Units (MCUs) are
   increasingly used for energy-efficient, local data processing.  However,
   deploying complex Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on such constrained devices
   remains challenging due to limited memory, computational power, and energy.
   Traditional solutions rely on cloud offloading or model compression, which
   can introduce bandwidth overhead, privacy risks, and accuracy loss.  This
   paper presents a Decentralized Distributed Sequential Neural Network (DDSNN)
   approach to address these challenges by partitioning a DNN across multiple
   MCUs, enabling layer-wise, sequential inference without relying on a central
   coordinator.  Unlike other distributed works that are dependent on a central
   coordinator, making them cluster-based computing, we are the first to
   implement fully Decentralized Distributed Deep Neural Network inference in
   Wireless Sensor Networks.  To validate DDSNN, we deploy it in a real-world
   predictive maintenance scenario, where vibration data is analyzed in real-
   time to predict abnormal operating conditions of an industrial pump.  We
   show that, by using our approach on hardware commonly employed in TinyML
   applications (under 512 KB of RAM), we achieve 99.01% accuracy,
   demonstrating the practical feasibility of DDSNN for TinyML deployments in
   WSNs.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE deep neural networks; distributed inference; edge ai; iot; tiny machine
   learning; wireless sensor networks
ID anomaly detection; distributed computer systems; internet of things;
   learning systems; low power electronics; microcontrollers; random access
   storage; decentralized; distributed inference; edge ai; iot; machine
   learning; neural networks; sensors network; sequential neural networks; tiny
   machine learning; wireless sensor; deep neural networks

---

UT 149
AR Zhong Y, 2025, ICCE-TAIWAN - IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN GENER AI
   INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL PROC, P639, DOI 10.1109/ICCE-Taiwan66881.2025.11207816
TI A Method for Non-invasive Blood Pressure Prediction Using Tiny Machine
   Learning
AU Zhong Y; Fang M-H; Tsai S-L; Wang M-H; Wang L-H; Kuo I-C; Huang P-C
TC 0
SO ICCE-TAIWAN - IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN GENER AI INNOV CONSUM
   TECHNOL PROC
PY 2025
AB This study proposes an improved lightweight blood pressure regression model
   based on MobileNet V2 architecture, utilizing the UCI dataset derived from
   preprocessed MIMIC-II database for model training.  The model achieves mean
   absolute errors of 3.40mmHg for systolic blood pressure and 2.02 mmHg for
   diastolic blood pressure, meeting AAMI standards.  Additionally, the
   improved model reduces both its size and parameter count to only 46% and 44%
   of those in MobileNet V2, respectively.  This approach provides a novel
   solution for blood pressure prediction on resource-constrained devices.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE aami; bp regression; mobilenet v2
ID artificial intelligence; blood; learning systems; non-invasive medical
   procedures; regression analysis; aami; bp regression; machine learning; mean
   absolute error; mobilenet v2; model training; model-based opc; pressure
   predictions; regression modeling; systolic blood pressure; blood pressure

---

UT 151
AR Rojas JCT, 2025, PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC, P362, DOI
   10.52202/083078-0036
TI Intelligent control system for life support and energy management in lunar
   habitats using TinyML and dual microcontrollers
AU Rojas JCT; Perez LZM; Camacho MR; Cevallos OO; Huaman JHR
TC 0
SO PROC INT ASTRONAUT CONGR IAC
PY 2025
AB The development of lunar habitats requires autonomous and low-consumption
   systems that maintain internal environmental stability with minimal human
   intervention.  The paper, conceived at the National University of San Marcos
   in Peru, presents the design of a prototype intelligent system for energy
   control and life support in lunar habitats, based on a dual microcontroller
   architecture.  One microcontroller is responsible for acquiring the internal
   environmental parameters of the lunar habitat.  such as air quality,
   humidity, and temperature, using COTS sensors, as well as controlling
   actuators.  In parallel, the STM32 performs autonomous inference through
   TinyML to recognize environmental deterioration patterns and activate
   adaptive measures without an Internet connection.  The results show adequate
   energy performance and enhanced fault resilience, validated through physical
   simulations and software.  This modular, economical, and intelligent
   solution can reinforce the robustness of a lunar habitat in technical
   compartments.  © 2025 by’copyright holder’.
ID air quality; computer software; controllers; deterioration; energy
   management systems; intelligent control; intelligent systems; man machine
   systems; quality control; air humidity; air temperature; energy;
   environmental parameter; environmental stability; human intervention; life
   supports; low consumption; lunar habitats; microcontroller architecture;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 153
AR Madhu R, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MACH VIS AIMV, DOI
   10.1109/AIMV66517.2025.11203588
TI Forest Fire Monitoring Using TinyML-Enabled Wireless Sensor Networks
AU Madhu R; Joshi A
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MACH VIS AIMV
PY 2025
AB Wildfires constitute a significant environmental and socioeconomic threat,
   increasingly exacerbated by climate change and human activity.  Timely
   detection is critical to mitigating their devastating impact on ecosystems,
   infrastructure, and human life.  This paper presents a proactive forest fire
   monitoring system built on a low-cost, energy-efficient wireless sensor
   network (WSN) architecture enhanced with TinyML. The system employs ESP32
   microcontrollers to perform real-time fire risk classification at the
   network edge, leveraging lightweight machine learning models for
   temperature, humidity, and gas data analysis.  A dynamic Cluster Head (CH)
   election mechanism based on signal strength and battery levels ensures
   balanced energy consumption across nodes.  Experimental results demonstrate
   the effectiveness of the system in detecting early fire indicators,
   validating its suitability for deployment in remote, resource-constrained
   environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; forest fire monitoring; tinyml; wireless sensor networks (
   wsns )
ID climate change; deforestation; energy utilization; fire hazards; fires;
   learning systems; machine learning; network architecture; wireless sensor
   networks; edge computing; forest fire monitoring; forest fire monitoring
   systems; human activities; human lives; sensors network; socio-economics;
   tinyml; wireless sensor; wireless sensor network; edge computing

---

UT 154
AR Yahyati C, 2025, PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA, DOI
   10.1109/ICESA66763.2025.11280838
TI A Survey on TinyML Applications in Education
AU Yahyati C; Lamaakal I; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y; Ouahbi I
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTR SYST AUTOM ICESA
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a new discipline that makes it possible to
   use machine learning models on embedded systems with limited memory and
   power.  TinyML opens up new ways to make educational tools that are dynamic,
   affordable, and smart in the area.  This paper presents a comprehensive
   survey of recent TinyML applications in the education sector, highlighting
   key innovations such as emotion-aware analytics, AI-assisted attendance
   systems, and inquiry-based learning environments powered by edge AI. We
   analyze the technological frameworks, implementation challenges, and
   educational goals of each solution to identify significant research
   deficiencies, such as limited scalability, a lack of comprehensive datasets,
   and insufficient integration with widely-used educational platforms.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE edge ai; edge intelligence; embedded machine learning; tinyml
ID computer aided instruction; learning systems; machine learning; application
   in education; edge ai; edge intelligence; embedded machine learning;
   embedded machines; machine learning applications; machine learning models;
   machine learning; tiny machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 156
AR Abualhassan AA, 2025, IEEE CONF STAND COMMUN NETW CSCN, DOI
   10.1109/CSCN67557.2025.11230733
TI IIoT-TinyDNN: A Lightweight Intrusion Detection System for Edge-Based IIoT
   Security
AU Abualhassan AA; Fadol Y; Gismalla MSM; Hamdan M
TC 0
SO IEEE CONF STAND COMMUN NETW CSCN
PY 2025
AB The rapid growth of the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) has brought new
   challenges in protecting industrial networks, especially when Intrusion
   Detection Systems (IDS) must run on low-resource edge devices.  Traditional
   deep learning-based IDS models often require too much memory and processing
   power, making them unsuitable for real-time IIoT environments.  In this
   paper, we propose IIoT-TinyDNN, a lightweight deep neural network IDS
   designed specifically for edge-based IIoT deployment.  TinyDNN uses a
   simplified dense architecture combined with magnitude-based unstructured
   pruning to significantly reduce model size, memory usage, and computation,
   while still providing strong detection accuracy.  We evaluated TinyDNN on
   two well-known IIoT security datasets: Edge-IIoTset and TON_IoT. In the
   TON_IoT dataset, TinyDNN achieved an accuracy of 99.37% using only 1,537
   parameters and a fast inference time of 8.24s.  Compared to traditional
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Deep Neural Network (DNN) models,
   TinyDNN reduces the number of Floating-Point Operations (FLOPS) by up to
   6.8× and achieves over 3× faster inference compared to CNN, while
   maintaining comparable accuracy.  Across various sparsity pruning levels
   (20%, 40%, 60%), TinyDNN consistently maintains a good balance between
   speed, accuracy, and memory usage.  These results confirm that TinyDNN is a
   practical and efficient solution for time-sensitive IIoT intrusion detection
   on resource-constrained edge devices.  To support further research, we have
   made our implementation, datasets, and evaluation tools publicly available.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE industrial internet of things ( iiot ); intrusion detection system ( ids );
   lightweight deep learning; model compression; model pruning; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; internet of things; intrusion detection; learning
   systems; memory architecture; network intrusion; network security; edge-
   based; fast inference; industrial internet of thing; intrusion detection
   system; intrusion detection systems; lightweight deep learning; memory
   usage; model compression; model pruning; tinyml; digital arithmetic

---

UT 157
AR Komin A, 2025, TECHNOL AUDIT PROD RESERV, V6, P31, DOI
   10.15587/2706-5448.2025.339277
TI A PRIVACY-PRESERVING EDGE DATA AGGREGATION FOR TINYML ENERGY FORECASTING IN
   HOUSEHOLDS
AU Komin A; Boiko O
TC 0
SO TECHNOL AUDIT PROD RESERV
PY 2025
AB The object of this research is the use of tiny machine learning (ML)
   forecasting models and low-power edge processing as a part of a hybrid
   energy management system (HEMS) with a particular emphasis on ensuring end-
   user data privacy and trust.  The research addresses the challenge of the
   collection, aggregation, and processing of sensitive data in smart grid
   operational modes decision-making tasks.  An in-depth literature review
   revealed that failing to meet user expectations for control and privacy
   often leads to dissatisfaction and disengagement.  This study introduced a
   complex solution that tries to solve the indicated gap and proposes a
   prototype of a HEMS data aggregation subsystem designed to supply
   information to an energy consumption forecasting module based on mobile ML
   models.  The developed LSTM-based household energy consumption forecasting
   models were converted into CoreML and TensorFlow Lite formats, maintained
   accuracy with an RMSE of 0.211 kWh, inference time under 0.5 ms, 800 kB size
   on disk, and up to 20 MB RAM usage.  These results confirm their feasibility
   for deployment in HEMS forecasting subsystems on low-power edge devices.  To
   supply these models with data, a prototype of the HEMS data aggregation
   system was developed.  It uses open-source software (Home Assistant,
   InfluxDB) and a scalable, privacy-centered container architecture that keeps
   sensitive data at the edge.  Tests on Raspberry Pi 5 (16 GB) showed 97.2%
   availability over 72 hours, with 12% RAM usage, 18% CPU load, and CPU
   temperatures of 44–51°C when processing 1440 records per sensor daily.  This
   confirms reliable aggregation with low resource demands and good
   scalability.  Considering the results, the models and prototype can be
   considered as the sensing and edge computing layers of HEMS, providing the
   necessary data for operational mode selection in household microgrids.  ©
   The Author(s) 2025.
DE energy efficiency; energy management systems; internet of things; smart grid

---

UT 158
AR Eldine OB, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P147604, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3601441
TI TinyML Prototype of Infant Cry Classification System
AU Eldine OB; Selim M; El-Makky N; Ghanem NM
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Quick classification of infant cries is vital to determine the reason for a
   baby's cry, especially in the first months of the baby's life.  This study
   aims to develop a lightweight TinyML model for rapid classification of
   infant cries that can be used for resource-constrained, low-power devices.
   Our contribution lies in achieving good accuracy with a minimal model size
   and suitable performance for tiny devices.  We explored architectures
   including Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Depthwise Separable CNNs
   (DS-CNNs), and a self-defined Residual Network (ResNet) tailored to be
   lightweight, unlike standard ResNet models, for resource efficiency.  Mel
   Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs) were extracted from cry signals and
   optimized by varying coefficients and frame lengths.  We used two datasets,
   each with five categories, in our experiments.  The datasets used were Baby
   Chillanto (DB1) and Donate a Cry (DB2). Each model was independently trained
   on each dataset in separate experiments.  Then, each model was converted to
   TensorFlow Lite and quantized, with the unquantized self-defined ResNet
   achieving 96.26% and 93.7% accuracies on DB1 and DB2, respectively.  After
   quantization, it maintains an accuracy of 94.71% on DB1 and 89% on DB2 with
   RAM usage under 30 KB and a model size of 93 KB. When deploying the
   quantized model trained on Baby Chillanto on a Raspberry Pi, it demonstrated
   an execution time of 1 s and an inference time of 3.44 ms, balancing
   accuracy, efficiency, and compactness for embedded systems.  © IEEE. 2025
   IEEE.
DE mfccs; raspberry pi; resnet; tensorflow lite ( tflite )
ID classification ( of information ); convolutional neural networks; embedded
   systems; classification system; convolutional neural network; infant cry;
   infant cry classifications; mel-frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-
   frequency cepstral coefficients; model size; raspberry pi; residual network;
   tensorflow lite; efficiency

---

UT 159
AR Aboudrar Y, 2025, INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT, DOI
   10.1109/ISAECT68904.2025.11318821
TI Early Detection of Solar Panel Faults Using Embedded Machine Learning
AU Aboudrar Y; Kissi C; Srifi MN
TC 0
SO INT SYMP ADV ELECTR COMMUN TECHNOL ISAECT
PY 2025
AB The global shift to renewable energy depends critically on the dependability
   of photovoltaic (PV) systems.  Although current methods for detecting PV
   faults, such as thermal imaging, drone inspections, or artificial neural
   networks, have proven to be highly accurate, they frequently depend on
   expensive equipment, intricate setups, or cloud-based computing that impede
   real-time and embedded deployment.  By presenting a unique Embedded Machine
   Learning (EML) framework for proactive, low-power, on-site PV failure
   detection, this study gets beyond these restrictions.  Our Support Vector
   Machine (SVM) classifier, in contrast to ANN-based models, is designed for
   lightweight deployment on an ESP32 microcontroller, guaranteeing reliable
   performance with low computational overhead.  When combined with high-
   precision sensors, data preprocessing, and IoT interaction with Adafruit IO
   and MQTT, the system attains a 96.5% classification accuracy while using
   just 250 mw significantly reducing the energy footprint compared to existing
   solutions.  This work demonstrated the possibility of deploying scalable,
   autonomous, and energy-efficient diagnostic systems in resource-constrained
   environments with real-time monitoring, which had not been taken into
   consideration in prior papers in the literature, in addition to early
   identification of common faults like shading, short circuits, open circuits,
   and hot spots.  This work makes an exceptional contribution to solar energy
   predictive maintenance by bridging the gap between cutting-edge AI methods
   and real-world field application, opening the door for more intelligent and
   greener PV installations.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded machine learning; esp32; fault detection; hardware integration;
   internet of things ( iot ); low power computing; meteorological station;
   mqtt; photovoltaic systems; precision sensors; predictive maintenance;
   support vector machine ( svm ); tinyml
ID cloud computing; electric fault currents; embedded systems; green computing;
   internet of things; learning systems; neural networks; predictive
   maintenance; solar energy; solar power generation; support vector machines;
   ubiquitous computing; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; esp32;
   faults detection; hardware integrations; internet of thing; low power
   computing; machine learning; meteorological station; mqtt; photovoltaic
   systems; precision sensors; predictive maintenance; support vector machine;
   support vectors machine; tinyml; fault detection

---

UT 164
AR Trivedi C, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMMUN COMPUT CYBERSECUR INFORMATICS
   CCCI, DOI 10.1109/CCCI65983.2025.11215117
TI LLM-Assisted Secure DL framework for Threat Mitigation in 6G-Enabled V2X
   Edge Networks
AU Trivedi C; Obaidat MS; Vora B; Vachhani A; Parve D; Mehta D; Pathak L/1;
   Thakore M; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMMUN COMPUT CYBERSECUR INFORMATICS CCCI
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces a novel deep learning framework for real-Time threat
   mitigation in 6G-enabled V2X networks, combining lightweight TinyML models
   with LLM-Assisted dynamic countermeasures for efficient threat detection and
   response.  The proposed TinyML model achieves an accuracy of 97%, with a
   compact model size of 40.77 KB, making it suitable for deployment on
   resource-constrained edge devices.  Additionally, TinyML demonstrates
   superior recall and precision, minimizing both false negatives and false
   positives.  For natural language generation tasks, the Mixtral 8x7B 32768
   model excels, achieving a BLEU score of 0.60, METEOR score of 0.86, and
   leading in ROUGE-1 (0.77) and ROUGE-2 (0.75), ensuring high-quality output
   generation.  These results highlight TinyML's effectiveness for intrusion
   detection in resource-limited environments and Mixtral's superior
   performance in natural language generation tasks, making both models pivotal
   in their respective domains.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 6g-enabled v2x networks; bleu; intrusion detection; llm; meteor; natural
   language generation; real-time threat mitigation; rouge; tinyml
ID deep learning; linguistics; natural language processing systems; network
   intrusion; network security; 6g-enabled v2x network; bleu; intrusion
   detection; llm; meteor; natural language generation; real- time; real-time
   threat mitigation; rouge; threats mitigations; tinyml; intrusion detection

---

UT 166
AR Mitrović N, 2025, PROC PAP TELSIKS, P193, DOI
   10.1109/TELSIKS65061.2025.11240958
TI Examination of TinyML Approach in ESP32-Based NFC Applications
AU Mitrović N; Veljković S; Marjanović M; Živanović E; Andjelković M; Ristić G;
   Danković D
TC 0
SO PROC PAP TELSIKS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a comparison between the efficiency of non-learning and
   machine learning approaches on edge devices, using a typical NFC system
   centred around commercial ESP32 microcontroller as an example.  NFC tag data
   is read by the NFC reader and forwarded to two ESP32 modules, one using
   rule-based non-learning approach, and the other one using pre-trained model
   for text correction.  Read success rate as well as self-heating are analyzed
   on the basis of 100 unsuccessful data processing attempts.  Machine learning
   method shows 4 % better read success rate, but also suffers from more self-
   heating.  ©2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; esp32; nfc; tinyml
ID data handling; intelligent systems; learning systems; machine learning; edge
   computing; esp32; learning approach; machine learning approaches; machine
   learning methods; nfc; nfc systems; rule based; self-heating; tinyml; edge
   computing

---

UT 168
AR Kadhum JH, 2025, ICCR - INT CONF CYBER RESIL, DOI
   10.1109/ICCR67387.2025.11292028
TI Ultra-Low Power Sensor Data Processing in Smart Agriculture Using Attention-
   Optimized TinyML Models for Edge Microcontrollers
AU Kadhum JH; Radhi AD; Ismail LS; Waheed MG; Alzamily H; Mohammad IA; Hashim
   WA
TC 0
SO ICCR - INT CONF CYBER RESIL
PY 2025
AB This study proposes an attention-optimized TinyML framework for ultra-low
   power sensor data processing tailored to smart agriculture environments,
   integrating quantization-aware training (QAT), neural architecture search
   (NAS), and lightweight attention encoders.  Designed for deployment on
   memory- and power-constrained edge microcontrollers (e.g., STM32, ESP32),
   the system processes multivariate field sensor data in real-time with
   minimal energy overhead.  Benchmarked across use cases such as precision
   irrigation, crop disease detection, soil quality monitoring, and greenhouse
   climate control, the proposed models achieved classification accuracy up to
   96.8%, F1-scores of 0.91, and energy savings exceeding 49%. Compared to
   classical rule-based and non-optimized ML baselines, the framework reduced
   inference latency by 41-67% and demonstrated high robustness under seasonal
   variability, sensor drift, and noisy inputs.  By fusing attention-based
   feature prioritization with memory-efficient deployment pipelines, the
   system maintained inference times below 15 ms and flash footprints under 100
   KB. The framework supports real-world deployment in battery-operated sensor
   nodes and offers scalable intelligence without sacrificing accuracy,
   efficiency, or reliability.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE attention mechanism; edge microcontrollers; embedded intelligence; quantized
   neural networks; sensor fusion; smart agriculture; tinyml; ultra-low power
   inference
ID climate models; data reduction; embedded systems; energy conservation; low
   power electronics; neural networks; quality control; sensor data fusion;
   sensor nodes; smart agriculture; attention mechanisms; edge microcontroller;
   embedded intelligence; neural networks; quantized neural network; sensor
   fusion; smart agricultures; tinyml; ultra-low power; ultra-low power
   inference; microcontrollers

---

UT 170
AR Daghero F, 2025, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V15226 LNCS, P46, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-78377-7_4
TI Accelerating Depthwise Separable Convolutions on Ultra-Low-Power Devices
AU Daghero F; Burrello A; Poncino M; Macii E; Jahier Pagliari D
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB Depthwise separable convolutions are a fundamental component in efficient
   Deep Neural Networks, as they reduce the number of parameters and operations
   compared to traditional convolutions while maintaining comparable accuracy.
   However, their low data reuse opportunities make deploying them notoriously
   difficult.  In this work, we perform an extensive exploration of
   alternatives to fuse the depthwise and pointwise kernels that constitute the
   separable convolutional block.  Our approach aims to minimize time-consuming
   memory transfers by combining different data layouts.  When targeting a
   commercial ultra-low-power device with a three-level memory hierarchy, the
   GreenWaves GAP8 SoC, we reduce the latency of end-to-end network execution
   by up to 11.40%. Furthermore, our kernels reduce activation data movements
   between L2 and L1 memories by up to 52.97%. © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE deep learning; edge platforms; mcus; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; system-on-chip; data reuse; deep learning;
   edge platform; extensive explorations; fundamental component; low power
   devices; mcu; neural networks; tinyml; ultra-low power; deep neural networks

---

UT 171
AR Yarham S, 2025, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT THINGS SMART CITY CIOTSC, DOI
   10.1109/CIoTSC67482.2025.11413126
TI A Comprehensive Survey of TinyML Applications in Environmental Monitoring
   and Their Technical Challenges
AU Yarham S; Behjati M; Nordin R
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT THINGS SMART CITY CIOTSC
PY 2025
AB Environmental monitoring is essential for safeguarding ecosystems, ensuring
   public health, and supporting climate resilience.  Traditional machine
   learning methods, while effective, often depend on cloud-based processing,
   resulting in high latency, increased energy consumption, and privacy
   concerns - limitations that hinder large-scale, real-time deployment.  Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) addresses these issues by enabling on-device
   intelligence on microcontrollers with only a few kilobytes of RAM, reducing
   cloud reliance and power usage.  This paper presents a detailed review of
   recent TinyML applications in environmental monitoring, covering wildlife
   conservation, air and water quality monitoring, smart agriculture, and smart
   cities.  For each application, we analyze model design, deployment
   strategies, results, key challenges, and limitations.  We also identify
   common barriers such as resource constraints, security risks, and lack of
   standardized benchmarks, and outline future research directions.  This
   review aims to guide researchers in advancing sustainable, efficient, and
   scalable TinyML-based environmental monitoring solutions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE air quality monitoring; edge computing; environmental monitoring; smart
   agriculture; smart cities; tinyml; water quality monitoring; wildlife
   conservation
ID agriculture; benchmarking; conservation; ecosystems; environmental
   monitoring; green computing; learning systems; machine learning; public
   health; smart agriculture; sustainable development; air quality monitoring;
   edge computing; environmental monitoring; machine learning applications;
   machine learning; smart agricultures; technical challenges; tiny machine
   learning; water quality monitoring; wildlife conservation; edge computing;
   smart city

---

UT 172
AR Do PH, 2025, INT J PARALLEL EMERGENT DISTRIB SYST, DOI
   10.1080/17445760.2025.2592705
TI Multi-modal sensor fusion and federated learning for TinyML on resource-
   constrained IoT devices
AU Do PH; Le TD; Dinh TD; Pham VD
TC 0
SO INT J PARALLEL EMERGENT DISTRIB SYST
PY 2025
AB The surge in IoT devices demands on-device intelligence for privacy-
   critical, latency-sensitive tasks like activity recognition.  This paper
   presents a federated learning framework for multi-modal sensor fusion,
   specifically designed to operate under the tight resource constraints of
   TinyML platforms.  Optimized for ARM Cortex-M microcontrollers with a sub-96
   KB memory footprint, our framework employs a communication-efficient
   protocol using gradient sparsification and 8-bit quantization to drastically
   reduce uplink data requirements.  We conduct a detailed comparative analysis
   of Early and Late Fusion strategies on the PAMAP2 dataset.  Our results
   reveal a critical trade-off: while Early Fusion can achieve a marginally
   higher peak accuracy (95.75%), the more resource-efficient Late Fusion
   architecture ensures significantly faster convergence and greater training
   stability.  This study highlights the feasibility of deploying robust,
   privacy-preserving TinyML models on low-power IoT devices and provides clear
   insights into selecting the optimal fusion architecture for such
   environments.  © 2025 Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE federated learning; iot edge devices; multi-modal sensor fusion; resource-
   constrained; tinyml
ID data privacy; federated learning; memory architecture; pattern recognition;
   activity recognition; early fusion; fusion architecture; iot edge device;
   late fusion; multi-modal sensor fusion; multi-modal sensor; resource-
   constrained; sensor fusion; tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 177
AR Liu H/1, 2025, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE, DOI
   10.23919/DATE64628.2025.10993050
TI SolarML: Optimizing Sensing and Inference for Solar-Powered TinyML Platforms
AU Liu H/1; Wang Q; Zuniga M
TC 0
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2025
AB Machine learning models can now run on microcontrollers.  Thanks to the
   advances in neural architectural search, we can automatically identify tiny
   machine learning (tinyML) models that satisfy stringent memory and energy
   requirements.  However, existing methods often overlook the energy used
   during event detection and data gathering.  This is critical for devices
   powered by renewable energy sources like solar power, where energy
   efficiency is paramount.  To address it, we introduce SolarML, a solution
   designed specifically for solar-powered tinyML platforms, which optimizes
   the end-to-end system's inference accuracy and energy consumption, from data
   gathering and processing to model inference.  Considering two applications
   of gesture recognition and keywords spotting, SolarML has the following
   contributions: 1) a hardware platform with an optimal event detection
   mechanism that reduces event detection costs by up to 10 x compared to
   state-of-the-art alternatives; 2) a joint optimization framework eNAS that
   reduces the energy consumption of the sensor and inference model by up to 2
   x, compared to methods that only optimize the inference model.  Jointly,
   they enable SolarML to run end-to-end gesture and audio inference on a
   battery-free tinyML platform by only harvesting solar energy for 30 and 57
   seconds, respectively, in an office environment (500 lux). Source code is
   available at [1]. © 2025 EDAA.
ID supervised learning; energy; energy-consumption; events detection; inference
   models; learning platform; machine learning models; machine learning; memory
   requirements; solar-powered; stringents; solar fuels

---

UT 178
AR Salini SM, 2025, PROC INT CONF COMPUT METHODOL COMMUN ICCMC, P1119, DOI
   10.1109/ICCMC65190.2025.11140652
TI TinyML-Powered Predictive Maintenance Framework on Resource-Constrained
   Devices: A Blended learning Approach
AU Salini SM; Geetha S
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT METHODOL COMMUN ICCMC
PY 2025
AB Predictive Maintenance (PM) is an approach that uses several data analytics
   techniques to predict the problems before leads to machine failure.  Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) is a resource constrained device which is mainly
   used in real time PM. Publicly available datasets A141 dataset is selected
   for predictive maintenance.  Process the data and explored it by several
   visualization methods in order to gain insights, clearly understanding the
   patterns, detect the outliers and anomalies.  A blending model is introduced
   in this dataset.  In Machine learning blending model is a powerful ensemble
   technique that combines prediction from several base models and generate the
   final prediction that can boost the accuracy and performance.  This paper
   uses Support Vector Machine (SVM), Random Forest (RF),Extreme Gradient
   Boosting (XGB), Decision Tree (DT) and K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN as the base
   models and Logistic Regression (LR) as the Meta or blending model to attain
   the final prediction with the accuracy of 98.8 %. Blending model is
   comparable to stacking, but it is easier to construct because it trains the
   meta-model using a holdout set.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE blending model; machine learning; predictive maintenance ( pm ); tinyml
ID data visualization; decision trees; learning systems; logistic regression;
   nearest neighbor search; prediction models; predictive analytics; predictive
   maintenance; random forests; support vector regression; base models;
   blending models; machine learning; meta model; metamodeling; predictive
   maintenance; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning; blending

---

UT 183
AR Abozaid O, 2025, INT TELECOMMUN CONF ITC-EGYPT, P553, DOI 10.1109/ITC-
   Egypt66095.2025.11186607
TI Adaptive Embedded Machine Learning on IoT Devices: A Review
AU Abozaid O; Selim B; Jaumard B
TC 0
SO INT TELECOMMUN CONF ITC-EGYPT
PY 2025
AB Embedded Machine Learning (EML) refers to the ability of machine learning
   models deployed on resource-constrained Internet of Things (IoT) devices to
   maintain performance over time by adjusting to evolving data distributions
   and operating conditions.  Unlike static models, adaptive EML enables IoT
   devices to cope with the challenges of dynamic environments, such as concept
   drift, changing user behavior, and environmental conditions variability.
   This survey provides a focused overview of recent efforts to enable
   adaptation in EML, exploring different approaches from system-level
   strategies like over-the-air (OTA) model update or by directly enabling on-
   device training of Machine learning (ML) models.  We also highlight
   different learning paradigms, including online learning, continual learning,
   and meta-learning, that shall improve adaptability in EML. This work
   synthesizes representative advances in the field and aims to raise awareness
   of adaptability as a critical but underexplored dimension of EML research.
   By highlighting key gaps, such as limited time-series adaptation and lack of
   standardized evaluation, the paper encourages deeper investigation into
   adaptive mechanisms to support the continued growth of intelligent,
   resilient, and reliable IoT systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE adaptive iot; edge computing; embedded machine learning; on-device training;
   tinyml

---

UT 184
AR Day N, 2025, PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF, DOI
   10.1109/DCAS65331.2025.11045478
TI TinyMLDPD: FPGA Implementation of TinyML Digital Predistortion Leveraging
   Bipartite Tables
AU Day N; Malakar AD; Shahabuddin S
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF
PY 2025
AB Digital Predistortion (DPD) is essential for enhancing the efficiency of
   power amplifiers (PAs) in modern wireless communication systems by
   mitigating nonlinear distortions and memory effects.  Neural network-based
   DPD has emerged as a powerful approach due to its ability to model complex
   PA behaviors.  In this work, we propose TinyMLDPD, a lightweight neural
   network-based DPD that maintains high accuracy while reducing hardware
   complexity.  Our approach employs a fully connected feedforward neural
   network inference which utilizes 821 coefficients.  In addition, we present
   a symmetric bipartite table method (SBTM) for efficient activation function
   computation.  Implemented on an AMD Zynq UltraScale+ ZCU106 field-
   programmable gate array (FPGA) Device, the proposed architecture is flexible
   enough to support online training with reasonable enhancements, making it a
   practical solution for realworld deployment.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE digital predistortion; dpd; fpga; nn; predistortion; rnn; sbtm
ID complex networks; feedforward neural networks; network architecture; power
   amplifiers; signal receivers; digital predistortion; field programmables;
   field programmable gate array; nn; predistortions; programmable gate array;
   rnn; symmetric bipartite table method; symmetrics; field programmable gate
   arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 185
AR Li JW, 2025, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
TI Demo: TinyML-Empowered Indoor Positioning With Aging LEDs
AU Li JW; Zhu R; Wang Q
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2025
AB Visible light positioning (VLP) enables accurate indoor localization by
   leveraging a dense deployment of LEDs in available lighting infrastructure,
   but its widespread adoption is hindered by two key challenges: the need for
   densely sampled fingerprint datasets and performance degradation due to LED
   aging or failure.  In this demo, we introduce and demonstrate a VLP
   framework that reduces reliance on dense fingerprinting and remains robust
   over time without requiring manual re-fingerprinting.  Using a dataset
   acquired from the DenseVLC testbed, we evaluate positioning accuracy under
   noisy received signal strength (RSS) measurements.  To address long-term
   reliability, we introduce a simulation framework that models LED degradation
   and sudden failures.  We also present an online learning approach that
   dynamically adapts the positioning model in response to environmental and
   infrastructure changes.  In this demo, we show that when evaluated over
   longer timespans our online calibration approach can keep its original
   positioning accuracy, while the baseline struggles to do the same.  By
   running this improved model on the resource-constrained Raspberry Pi Pico
   microcontroller, we demonstrate a path toward scalable, selfsustaining VLP
   systems suitable for real-world deployment.  © 2026, Junction Publishing.
   All rights reserved.
DE degradation; indoor localization; led; on-device learning; tinyml; visible
   light positioning ( vlp )

---

UT 188
AR Dabral HD, 2025, INT CONF INTELL SECUR ENG SOLUT CISES, P1302, DOI
   10.1109/CISES66934.2025.11265663
TI A Decision Tree Based System for Real Time Fall Detection in Geriatric
   Population
AU Dabral HD
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTELL SECUR ENG SOLUT CISES
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a Decision Tree based system for detecting 'falls' in
   geriatric population.  Falls in elderly people are leading cause of physical
   injury, mental trauma and death.  It can also put huge economic burden on
   society and can adversely affect FQOL (Future Quality of Life) of elderly.
   This paper proposes an AIoT (Artificial Intelligence of Things) system for
   detecting falls in elderly people.  In the unfortunate event of 'Elderly
   Fall', an AIoT based system can be used to request caregiver's attention in
   an automated manner and help mitigate the harmful consequences of such
   falls.  We used SensorTile.Box Pro IoT kit to create a TinyML system for
   detecting fall events.  Proposed system can discriminate between different
   causes of fall (forward, backward, lateral, slip, trip, faint etc.). This
   system can use BLE (Bluetooth Low Energy) based connectivity for connecting
   to an Edge Gateway device, for triggering cloud and/or smartphone-based
   applications to alert caregivers and medical professionals and request their
   prompt response.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE aiot; artificial intelligence; decision trees; edge computing; fall
   accidents; fall detection; fall prevention; machine learning; st edge ai;
   staiot craft; tinyml
ID accident prevention; accidents; behavioral research; biomedical equipment;
   edge computing; edge detection; forestry; geriatrics; learning systems;
   mhealth; artificial intelligence of thing; edge computing; fall accidents;
   fall detection; fall prevention; machine learning; st edge ai; staiot craft;
   tinyml; tree-based; artificial intelligence; decision trees

---

UT 190
AR Sampaio AP, 2025, PROC EDUC CONF FIE, DOI 10.1109/FIE63693.2025.11328314
TI WIP: Assessing 21st Century Skills of High School Students in a Machine
   Learning Workshop with TinyML
AU Sampaio AP; Farias PCMA; Bittencourt RA
TC 0
SO PROC EDUC CONF FIE
PY 2025
AB This research WIP paper describes a case study on the introduction of
   machine learning concepts in K-12 Education, providing students with more
   direct contact with new artificial intelligence technologies and potentially
   promoting an approach to foster the so-called 21st century skills, which
   enable students to deal with the technological world available in today's
   society.  Working on skills such as Learning and Teamwork (LTE),
   Communication (COM), Citizenship and Social Responsibility (CSR), and
   proficiency in Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) may enable
   K-12 students to deal with work requirements that will be increasingly
   needed within the marketplace.  In this study, we evaluated the perception
   of first-year high school students, between 15 and 17 years old, from a
   Brazilian public school regarding their own mastering of 21st century
   skills.  The results show us how much such perceptions can be influenced by
   contact with knowledge of new technologies, even at an introductory level.
   In our case study, we used the TinyML framework, promoting an initiation to
   machine learning with the use of small hardware devices and minimizing the
   use of programming to simplify understanding and increase student
   motivation.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 21st century skills; k-12 education; machine learning; tinyml
ID education computing; engineering education; learning systems; machine
   learning; social aspects; social sciences computing; 21st century skill;
   artificial intelligence technologies; case-studies; direct contact; high
   school students; k-12 education; learning workshops; machine learning;
   technological world; tinyml; students

---

UT 192
AR Reddy Manellore PK, 2025, PROC INT CONF INNOV MECH IND APPL ICIMIA, P140,
   DOI 10.1109/ICIMIA67127.2025.11200667
TI Optimized Neural Architecture for Wearable Health Devices using Edge-Level
   TinyML
AU Reddy Manellore PK; Archana M; Reddy KD; Swathi VNVLS; Rambabu B; Adudhodla
   M
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INNOV MECH IND APPL ICIMIA
PY 2025
AB Wearable health devices enable real-time monitoring of physiological signals
   such as heart rate, SpO, and ECG. However, their limited computational
   resources and battery life necessitate efficient machine learning models
   suitable for edge deployment.  This paper presents an optimized neural
   network architecture for edge-level TinyML inference on wearable platforms.
   The model utilizes quantization-aware training, pruning, and lightweight
   convolutional layers to reduce memory and energy consumption without
   compromising accuracy.  Evaluated on real-world biomedical datasets and
   deployed on commercial MCUs like ARM Cortex-M, the proposed model achieves
   91.8% classification accuracy across various health signal categories, uses
   under 45 KB of memory, and maintains inference latency below 80
   milliseconds.  These results highlight its suitability for real-time, low-
   power applications, enabling privacy-preserving, always-on health
   monitoring.  The proposed architecture addresses critical hardware
   constraints and contributes to the development of scalable, intelligent
   wearable health systems in remote or resource-limited environments.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE biomedical signal processing; edge ai; embedded deep learning; low power
   inference; microcontroller-based ai; neural network optimization;
   quantization; real-time classification; tinyml; wearable health monitoring
ID biomedical signal processing; classification ( of information ); deep neural
   networks; energy utilization; learning systems; low power electronics;
   memory architecture; network architecture; wearable computers; biomedical
   signals processing; edge ai; embedded deep learning; health monitoring; low
   power; low power inference; microcontroller-based; microcontroller-based ai;
   neural network optimization; quantization; real- time; real-time
   classification; tinyml; wearable health monitoring; quantization ( signal )

---

UT 194
AR Vu QN-P, 2025, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS, DOI
   10.1109/SAS65169.2025.11105106
TI Efficient Continual Learning in Keyword Spotting using Binary Neural
   Networks
AU Vu QN-P; Martinez-Rau LS; Zhang Y/4; Tran N-D; Oelmann B; Magno M; Bader S
TC 0
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS
PY 2025
AB Keyword spotting (KWS) is an essential function that enables interaction
   with ubiquitous smart devices.  However, in resource-limited devices, KWS
   models are often static and can thus not adapt to new scenarios, such as
   added keywords.  To overcome this problem, we propose a Continual Learning
   (CL) approach for KWS built on Binary Neural Networks (BNNs). The framework
   leverages the reduced computation and memory requirements of BNNs while
   incorporating techniques that enable the seamless integration of new
   keywords over time.  This study evaluates seven CL techniques on a 16-class
   use case, reporting an accuracy exceeding 95% for a single additional
   keyword and up to 86% for four additional classes.  Sensitivity to the
   amount of training samples in the CL phase, and differences in computational
   complexities are being evaluated.  These evaluations demonstrate that batch-
   based algorithms are more sensitive to the CL dataset size, and that
   differences between the computational complexities are insignificant.  These
   findings highlight the potential of developing an effective and
   computationally efficient technique for continuously integrating new
   keywords in KWS applications that is compatible with resource-constrained
   devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE binary neural network; continual learning; keyword spotting; tinyml
ID function evaluation; sampling; signal processing; binary neural networks;
   continual learning; keyword spotting; learning approach; learning
   techniques; memory requirements; resource-limited devices; seamless
   integration; smart devices; tinyml; computational efficiency

---

UT 195
AR Gowri Shankar C, 2025, PROC INT CONF INVEN MATER SCI APPL ICIMA, P774, DOI
   10.1109/ICIMA64861.2025.11074222
TI Real Time Rail Vehicle Running State Monitoring System using TinyML and IoT
AU Gowri Shankar C; Gowthami D; Sivaprakasam M; Adhisankar K; Nithishkumar R;
   Naveenkumar P
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INVEN MATER SCI APPL ICIMA
PY 2025
AB The purpose of this research is to use data analysis using TinyML to build
   and implement a real-time rail vehicle running state monitoring system.  In
   terms of data collection, processing speed, and dependability, this system's
   accuracy and performance are contrasted with those of conventional
   monitoring systems.  Two groups are used for comparison in this study.
   Group 1: The suggested traditional rail monitoring system (Rule based or
   Conventional IOT) TinyML-based real-time railcar operating state monitoring
   system Our system's accuracy was 85.89% and its overall F1 score was 87.7%.
   Group 2: relates to railway transit for the purpose of tracking and
   controlling a number of factors proposed TinyML-based Rail Monitoring system
   including vehicle health, signalling, and track conditions.  The range of
   data changes for various sensors was noted as a result, with Ultrasonic-Ir-Y
   ranging from 0.3 to 2.0 and DetectorX ranging from 0.01420, Lastly in this
   study, the proposed real-time rail vehicle running state monitoring system
   using TinyML and Data Analysis demonstrated significantly better performance
   compared to the traditional monitoring system.  The TinyML-based system
   achieved higher accuracy, faster processing speeds, and more reliable real-
   time monitoring capabilities.  This system effectively addresses the
   limitations of traditional systems, making it suitable for modern rail
   vehicle monitoring applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE intelligent transportation systems; iot; machine learning; rail vehicle
   monitoring; railway transportation; real-time monitoring; sensor data
   analysis; tinyml
ID data acquisition; data reduction; information analysis; learning systems;
   light rail transit; rail motor cars; railroad transportation; rails; real-
   time systems; vehicles; intelligent transportation systems; iot; machine
   learning; rail vehicle monitoring; rail vehicles; railway transportation;
   real-time monitoring; sensor data analysis; tinyml; vehicle monitoring;
   intelligent systems

---

UT 196
AR Sarkar J, 2025, PROC - IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW,
   P1050, DOI 10.1109/IPDPSW66978.2025.00164
TI Towards Predicting Inference Latency of TinyML Models
AU Sarkar J; Jana U; Basak B; Paul HS; Biswas S/2
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW
PY 2025
AB The proliferation of tinyML models in embedded devices demands not only
   resource-efficient execution but also latency-optimized inference for real-
   time applications, enabling latency as a critical decision-making factor for
   Neural Architecture Search (NAS). Including latency constraints to NAS leads
   to either prior profiling of the inference latency on the target hardware or
   on-the-fly simulation of the model - making the process both resource-
   consuming and time-intensive, and thus impractical to follow.  Predicting
   latency is an economic alternative, but the intrinsic heterogeneity of
   target devices makes the prediction process hardware dependent, thus
   requiring similar effort for different target hardware.  In this work, we
   study the diversity involved in various tiny edge devices, especially
   microcontroller units, and present our effort towards bridging the gap in
   building a hardware-agnostic latency predictor for tinyML models.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE embedded devices; inference latency prediction; tinyml models
ID computer hardware; decision making; neural networks; decisions makings;
   embedded device; inference latency prediction; latency constraints; latency
   predictions; neural architectures; real-time application; resource-
   efficient; target hardware; tinyml model; forecasting

---

UT 199
AR Roy BB, 2025, J TELECOMMUN TECHNOL, P69, DOI 10.26636/jtit.2025.2.2084
TI TinyML-driven Sensor Nodes for Energy-efficient Acoustic Event Detection in
   Pervasive Acoustic WSNs
AU Roy BB; Das S/2; Mondal Kr
TC 0
SO J TELECOMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB The process of sensing and transmitting acoustic signals by pervasive
   acoustic wireless sensor networks (PAWSNs) poses considerable energy
   challenges.  These problems may be mitigated by filtering only relevant
   acoustic events from the sensor network.  By reducing the number of acoustic
   events, the frequency of communication may be decreased, thereby enhancing
   energy efficiency.  Although traditional machine learning models are capable
   of predicting relevant acoustic events by being trained on suitable data
   sets, they are impractical for direct implementation on resource-limited
   acoustic sensor nodes.  To address this issue, this research introduces
   TinyML-based acoustic event detection (AED) models which facilitate
   efficient real-time processing on microcontrollers with scarce hardware
   resources.  The study develops several TinyML models using an environmental
   dataset and evaluates their accuracy.  These models are then deployed in
   hardware to assess their performance in terms of AED. Thanks to such an
   approach, only predicted events that exceed a certain threshold are
   transmitted to the base station via router nodes, which reduces the
   transmission burden, thus improving energy efficiency of PAWSNs.  Real-time
   experiments confirm that the proposed method significantly improves energy
   efficiency and boosts node lifetime.  © 2025 National Institute of
   Telecommunications.  All rights reserved.
DE acoustic event detection; energy efficiency; pervasive acoustic wsn; tinyml

---

UT 200
AR Hieu NQ, 2025, ADV MACH LEARN CYBER-ATTACK DETECT IOT NETWORKS, P375, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-329032-9.00018-X
TI Challenges and potential research directions for machine learning-based
   cyber-attack detection in IoT networks
AU Hieu NQ; Manh BD; Hoang DT; Nguyen DN; Hossain E
TC 0
SO ADV MACH LEARN CYBER-ATTACK DETECT IOT NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB This chapter presents an in-depth exploration of the current challenges
   faced by machine learning-based cyber-attack detection in IoT networks.  Key
   issues such as the sparsity of attack vectors, the heterogeneity of IoT
   devices, the need for real-time processing, and privacy concerns are
   thoroughly examined through specific use cases and scenarios.  The chapter
   then explores innovative research directions and solutions, including
   adversarial training, transfer learning, and federated learning, as well as
   novel model designs tailored for IoT environments, such as advanced
   compression and quantization techniques.  Finally, emerging trends such as
   privacy-preserving machine learning, tiny AI, large language models (LLMs),
   and quantum computing are discussed as promising avenues for enhancing
   cyber-attack detection in IoT networks.  © 2025 Elsevier Inc.  All rights
   reserved.
DE artificial intelligence; cyber-attack detection; internet of things; large
   language model; machine learning; model quantization; quantum computing;
   tiny ai
ID adversarial machine learning; computer crime; crime; cyber-attacks; data
   privacy; federated learning; learning algorithms; learning systems; network
   security; transfer learning; attack detection; cybe-attack detection; cyber-
   attacks; language model; large language model; machine learning; modeling
   quantizations; potential researches; quantum computing; tiny ai; internet of
   things

---

UT 201
AR Theocharides T, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P5, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2025.3584996
TI TinyML - From Efficient Edge Inference to On-Device Intelligence
AU Theocharides T; Verhelst M; Reddy VJ; Gousev E
TC 0
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 204
AR Arratia B, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2270 CCIS, P246, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-80084-9_17
TI Adaptive Edge-Based AIoT Architecture for Efficient Retraining
   and Sustainable Monitoring of Ephemeral Streams
AU Arratia B; Cecilia JM; Manzoni P; Hernández D; Zennaro M
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB Monitoring water flows in highly anthropized ecosystems is crucial for
   assessing eutrophication in water bodies.  Ephemeral streams in semi-arid
   areas present significant challenges for environmental monitoring due to
   their sporadic flow (2–3 days/year), high intensity, and remote locations
   (often lacking connectivity and energy sources). Autonomous artificial
   vision systems deployed at the edge offer a viable solution for this context
   due to their low cost and high deployment security.  However, deploying
   these systems in different locations requires frequent model retraining to
   adapt to new environmental conditions, which increases energy consumption
   and computational resources.  This paper proposes an Artificial intelligence
   of things (AIoT) architecture to identify the presence of water in ephemeral
   streams, enabling in-place model retraining without compromising the general
   characteristics of the model.  Our results demonstrate that this approach
   provides a more sustainable and scalable solution for monitoring ephemeral
   flows, achieving a 64% faster retraining time and a 73% lower energy
   consumption compared to complete retraining, while maintaining an F1 score
   around 0.90 for both old and new datasets.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE aiot; edge computing; environmental intelligence; environmental modeling;
   iot; tinyml
ID anthropogenic; eutrophication; artificial intelligence of thing; edge
   computing; edge-based; environmental intelligence; environmental model;
   ephemeral streams; iot; tinyml; water flows; waterbodies; environmental
   monitoring

---

UT 205
AR Shin K, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P205148, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3635398
TI Graph Neural Network Compression via Cross-Modal Distillation for On-Device
   mmWave Human Activity Recognition
AU Shin K; Lim J; Baek Y
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Human Activity Recognition (HAR) is a cornerstone technology for
   applications in smart homes, health monitoring, and interactive systems.
   While vision-based methods offer high performance, they introduce
   significant privacy concerns.  Millimeter-wave (mmWave) radar sensors
   provide a privacy-preserving alternative.  However, their sparse and noisy
   data present a performance challenge, and the complexity of deep learning
   models hinders their deployment on resource-constrained Microcontroller
   Units (MCUs). This paper introduces a comprehensive framework to address
   these interconnected challenges.  We propose a lightweight Spatial-Temporal
   Graph Convolutional Network (ST-GCN) for mmWave point cloud data, enhanced
   through a novel cross-modal knowledge distillation methodology.  In our
   framework, a high-performance teacher model, trained on rich skeleton joint
   data, guides the training of a compact student model that operates solely on
   mmWave data during inference.  This approach is augmented by a multi-faceted
   lightweighting strategy, including architectural tuning, post-training
   quantization, and a principled removal of residual connections, which
   drastically reduces the peak memory footprint to meet MCU constraints.  The
   robustness and generalizability of our framework are validated through
   extensive experiments on two distinct datasets.  On the DGUHA dataset, our
   method improves accuracy by up to 7.46%. Critically, on the large-scale and
   complex MilliPoint benchmark, our framework demonstrates consistent
   performance gains, improving accuracy by up to 7.89%. The final, optimized
   model is successfully deployed on a commercial MCU, showing its practical
   viability for real-time, accurate, and privacy-conscious HAR on edge
   devices.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE edge computing; graph neural networks; human activity recognition; knowledge
   distillation; mmwave radar; model compression; privacy-preserving ai; tinyml
ID automation; benchmarking; compaction; complex networks; computer privacy;
   convolutional neural networks; deep learning; distillation; graph neural
   networks; intelligent buildings; knowledge graph; large datasets; millimeter
   waves; pattern recognition; privacy-preserving techniques; edge computing;
   graph neural networks; human activity recognition; knowledge distillation;
   millimeter-wave radar; millimetre-wave radar; model compression; privacy-
   preserving; privacy-preserving ai; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 206
AR Pyo J, 2025, INT TECH CONF CIRCUITS/SYST COMPUT COMMUN ITC-CSCC, DOI
   10.1109/ITC-CSCC66376.2025.11137617
TI An Integer-Only Quantized Transformer with LayerNorm Removal and Linear
   Attention for Efficient MCU Deployment in TinyML Applications
AU Pyo J; Shin D
TC 0
SO INT TECH CONF CIRCUITS/SYST COMPUT COMMUN ITC-CSCC
PY 2025
AB We propose a structurally optimized Transformer model for efficient
   deployment on resource-constrained MCUs.  Our design removes LayerNorm,
   Softmax, and GELU, introduces Linear Attention, and adopts I-BERT-style INT-
   only quantization.  When evaluated on an ARM Cortex-M7 (NUCLEO-F746ZG), the
   model reduced total execution cycles by 24.6%, attention cost by 23.1%, and
   feedforward operations by 64.1%. Parameter count was also reduced by 3.9%
   through the removal of LayerNorm and bias terms.  These results show that
   the proposed combination of structural simplification and integer-only
   quantization enables accurate and efficient inference in TinyML applications
   on MCU hardware.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE integer-only quantization; linear attention; microcontroller units; rezero;
   structural optimization; tiny machine learning; tiny transformer
ID big data; integer programming; intelligent systems; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; robotics; shape optimization; integer-only quantization;
   linear attention; machine learning; microcontroller unit; quantization;
   rezero; structural optimizations; tiny machine learning; tiny transformer;
   transformer modeling; structural optimization

---

UT 208
AR [Anonymous], 2025, PROC INT CONF ELECTRON SUSTAIN COMMUN SYST ICESC, P2086,
   DOI 10.1109/ICESC65114.2025.11212593
TI Sustainable Distributed ML Paradigms for Green Edge Intelligence: Analysis
   and Framework
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTRON SUSTAIN COMMUN SYST ICESC
PY 2025
AB The proliferation of Internet of Things devices and emphasis on sustainable
   computing have highlighted the issue of high energy consumption and carbon
   footprints in traditional centralized machine learning, posing challenges
   for green edge intelligence.  This research presents a systematic
   comparative analysis of twelve distributed ML paradigms designed for
   energyefficient edge environments, focusing on sustainability.  The analysis
   evaluates metrics such as latency, privacy, energy use, carbon footprint,
   and scalability, resulting in a framework for paradigm selection.  Findings
   reveal trade-offs, with federated learning using green scheduling achieving
   optimal balance through \mathbf{9 4. 2%}$ semantic preservation and 37%
   carbon reduction, while neuromorphic computing suits ultra-low energy needs
   with submilliwatt consumption.  Insights guide sustainable deployments in
   healthcare, autonomous systems, and smart cities, advancing global
   sustainability in electronics and communications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE carbon-aware systems; distributed machine learning; energy efficient
   communication; federated learning; green edge intelligence; neuromorphic
   computing; sustainable computing; tinyml
ID carbon footprint; distributed computer systems; energy efficiency; energy
   utilization; green computing; learning systems; machine learning; semantics;
   sustainable development; carbon-aware system; distributed machine learning;
   edge intelligence; energy efficient communications; green edge intelligence;
   high energy-consumption; intelligence analysis; neuromorphic computing;
   sustainable computing; tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 209
AR Hassan M/1, 2025, IEEE VEH TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/VTC2025-Spring65109.2025.11174775
TI A TinyML Approach for the Classification of Bean Crop Diseases
AU Hassan M/1; Raza W; Fadeeva V; Custode LL; Iacca G
TC 0
SO IEEE VEH TECHNOL CONF
PY 2025
AB Modern agriculture has enabled food production for nearly eight billion
   people, yet plant diseases and climate change continue to threaten food
   security.  Beans, a key nutritional crop worldwide, are vulnerable to
   diseases such as bean rust and angular leaf spot, which significantly reduce
   yield.  Early detection is critical for effective treatment.  While existing
   methods leverage cloud-based Deep Learning (DL) models for plant disease
   classification, they often require substantial computational resources.  In
   this work, we propose an edge-based solution by deploying a quantized
   MobileNetV2 model on a resourceconstrained embedded device.  We compare the
   performance of the full-precision (Float 32-bit) model and its quantized
   (Int 8-bit) counterpart deployed on a microcontroller unit (MCU), targeting
   Internet of Things (IoT) scenarios.  Our study analyzes model accuracy,
   inference speed, and memory utilization, focusing on peak RAM and flash
   memory requirements.  The results show that quantization significantly
   reduces memory footprint and inference time while maintaining competitive
   classification accuracy.  These findings highlight the potential of
   quantization to enable efficient, sustainable, and deployable TinyML models
   for plant disease detection at the edge.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE agriculture; classification; deep learning; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; plant disease; tinyml
ID crops; diseases; flash memory; food security; food supply; intelligent
   systems; plant diseases; plants ( botany ); random access storage; smart
   agriculture; cloud-based; crop disease; deep learning; food production; food
   security; leaf spots; modern agricultures; plant disease; quantization;
   tinyml; classification ( of information ); deep learning; internet of
   things; microcontrollers

---

UT 212
AR Yamashita JVYB, 2025, TECHNOL, V13, DOI 10.3390/technologies13110497
TI TinyML Implementation of CNN-Based Gait Analysis for Low-Cost Motorized
   Prosthetics: A Proof-of-Concept
AU Yamashita JVYB; Leite JPRR; Machado JB
TC 0
SO TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB Real-time gait analysis is essential for the development of responsive and
   reliable motorized prosthetics.  Deploying advanced deep learning models on
   resource-constrained embedded systems, however, remains a major challenge.
   This proof-of-concept study presents a TinyML-based approach for knee joint
   angle prediction using convolutional neural networks (CNNs) trained on
   inertial measurement unit (IMU) signals.  Gait data were acquired from four
   healthy participants performing multiple stride types, and data augmentation
   strategies were applied to enhance model robustness.  Multi-objective
   optimization was employed to balance accuracy and computational efficiency,
   yielding specialized CNN architectures tailored for short, natural, and long
   strides.  A lightweight classifier enabled real-time selection of the
   appropriate specialized model.  The proposed framework achieved an average
   RMSE of 2.05°, representing a performance gain of more than 35% compared to
   a generalist baseline, while maintaining reduced inference latency (16.8 ms)
   on a $40 embedded platform (Sipeed MaixBit with Kendryte K210). These
   findings demonstrate the feasibility of deploying compact and specialized
   deep learning models on low-cost hardware, enabling affordable prosthetic
   solutions with real-time responsiveness.  This work contributes to advancing
   intelligent assistive technologies by combining efficient model design,
   hardware-aware optimization, and clinically relevant gait prediction
   performance.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; gait analysis;
   multiobjective optimization; real-time prediction; tinyml
ID assistive technology; computational efficiency; computer hardware;
   convolution; convolutional neural networks; cost benefit analysis; deep
   learning; forecasting; gait analysis; joints ( anatomy ); learning systems;
   multiobjective optimization; neural prostheses; prosthetics; convolutional
   neural network; embedded-system; learning models; low-costs; multi-
   objectives optimization; network-based; proof of concept; real- time; real-
   time prediction; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 217
AR Jayanthi PN, 2025, INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS, DOI
   10.1109/CSITSS67709.2025.11294396
TI MineGuard AI: Real-Time Safety and Health Monitoring for Miners Using Edge
   Intelligence and LoRa Communication
AU Jayanthi PN; Bhat VG; Rakesh HG; Hegde B; Nikhil S; Sudeep NR
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS
PY 2025
AB Mining environments present severe safety risks due to toxic gases, extreme
   temperatures, and physical hazards.  Traditional safety systems lack real-
   time, integrated monitoring and predictive capabilities.  MineGuard Al
   addresses these gaps through an intelligent wearable wristband that
   continuously tracks miner's physiological parameters (heart rate, SpO2) and
   environmental conditions (toxic gases, temperature, humidity). The system
   employs ESP32 microcontrollers with integrated sensors, LoRa-based long-
   range communication, and edge AI for real-time hazard detection.  AI models
   - including fall detection keyword spotting, and health anomaly detection
   run locally via TensorFlow Lite Micro.  Data is transmitted to a centralized
   dashboard (built with React, Node.js, and Three.js) for 3D visualization,
   live alerts, and AI-generated reports.  Field tests confirmed less than 2
   seconds latency, reliable communication in GPS-denied zones.  MineGuard AI
   enhances miner safety through proactive, scalable, and autonomous
   monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; edge computing; internet of things; lora; mining
   safety; tinyml; wearable technology
ID anomaly detection; big data; hazards; internet of things; mine safety;
   miners; physiological models; security systems; wearable computers; wearable
   sensors; edge computing; edge intelligence; health monitoring; lora; mining
   safety; real- time; safety and healths; safety monitoring; tinyml; toxic
   gas; artificial intelligence

---

UT 218
AR Ali A, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70060
TI TinyML-Based Adaptive Pulse Shaping for Edge Intelligence in IoT/IIoT
AU Ali A
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Edge intelligence in IoT and IIoT demands lightweight algorithms for data
   processing on resource-constrained devices.  This paper introduces a novel
   adaptive pulse shape filter based on TinyML for PAPR and SER optimization on
   edge devices used in uplink IoT communication.  Implemented on IoT nodes
   such as sensors, our pruned neural network provides up to 2 dB PAPR saving
   over root-raised-cosine (RRC) filters.  Mass simulations validate its
   efficacy in DFT-s-OFDM systems and offer an energy-efficient and scalable
   solution for IoT/IIoT use cases such as smart factories and rural
   connectivity.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE edge intelligence; iiot; iot; neural networks; papr; tinyml
ID edge detection; internet of things; pulse-shaping; edge intelligence;
   filter-based; iiot; iot; neural networks; pulse-shape; pulse-shaping;
   resource-constrained devices; shape filters; tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 219
AR Colombo L, 2025, PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS, DOI
   10.1145/3703412.3703423
TI Federated On-Device Learning of Integer-Based Convolutional Neural Networks
AU Colombo L
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF AI-ML SYST AIMLSYSTEMS
PY 2025
AB On-device learning is one of the most relevant and challenging tasks in the
   field of tiny machine learning.  Indeed, most state-of-the-art solutions
   focus on on-device inference, with only a few works dealing with the
   incremental fine-tuning of pre-trained machine and deep learning models.  An
   interesting approach to enable multiple devices to collaboratively train a
   shared model is represented by Federated Learning (FL). Nevertheless, state-
   of-the-art floating-point FL solutions are tailored for edge devices (e.g.,
   smartphones and tablets), and are therefore not suitable for running on
   devices with limited resources in terms of memory, computation, and energy.
   To date, only one work in the literature has proposed a tiny integer-based
   federated learning algorithm for training MultiLayer Perceptrons (MLPs). In
   contrast to the existing literature, we introduce, for the first time, an
   integer-based FL algorithm capable of training integer Convolutional Neural
   Networks (CNNs) specifically designed to operate on resource-constrained
   devices.  More in detail, the proposed algorithm is based on integer local
   error signals, enabling each device to train either the whole CNN or only a
   portion of it on its own data according to its resource availability.
   Experimental results on multi-class image classification benchmarks
   demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed solution, showing an accuracy
   improvement compared to the state-of-the-art FL algorithm for integer MLP
   architectures, and the capability of training integer CNN architectures with
   minimal accuracy degradation compared to traditional floating-point FL
   solutions.  The proposed algorithm is made available to the scientific
   community as a public repository.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE deep learning; federated learning; integer-only training; local error
   signals; tiny machine learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; convolution;
   convolutional neural networks; deep learning; image enhancement; integer
   linear programming; multilayer neural networks; convolutional neural
   network; deep learning; error signal; floating points; integer-only
   training; local error; local error signal; machine learning; state of the
   art; tiny machine learning; federated learning

---

UT 221
AR Mujtaba A, 2025, APPL INTELL, V55, DOI 10.1007/s10489-025-06495-1
TI AuGQ: Augmented quantization granularity to overcome accuracy degradation
   for sub-byte quantized deep neural networks
AU Mujtaba A; Lee WK; Ko BC; Chang HJ; Hwang SO
TC 0
SO APPL INTELL
PY 2025
AB Deployment of neural networks on IoT devices unleashes the potential for
   various innovative applications, but the sheer size and computation of many
   deep learning (DL) networks prevented its widespread.  Quantization
   mitigates this issue by reducing model precision, enabling deployment on
   resource-constrained edge devices.  However, at extremely low bit-widths,
   such as 2-bit and 4-bit, the aggressive compression leads to significant
   accuracy degradation due to the reduced representational capacity of the
   neural network.  A critical aspect of effective quantization is identifying
   the range of real values (FP32) that impact model accuracy.  To address
   accuracy loss at sub-byte levels, we introduce Augmented Quantization
   (AuGQ), a novel granularity technique tailored for low bit-width
   quantization.  AuGQ segments the range of real-valued (FP32) weight and
   activation distributions into small uniform intervals, applying affine
   quantization in each interval to enhance accuracy.  We evaluated AuGQ using
   both post-training quantization (PTQ) and quantization-aware training (QAT)
   methods, achieving accuracy levels comparable to full precision (32-bit) DL
   networks.  Our findings demonstrate that AuGQ is agnostic to the training
   pipeline and batch normalization folding, distinguishing it from
   conventional quantization techniques.  Furthermore, when integrated into
   state-of-the-art PTQ algorithms, AuGQ necessitates only 64 training samples
   for fine-tuning which is 16× fewer than traditional methods.  This reduction
   facilitates the application of high-accuracy quantization at sub-byte bit-
   widths, making it suitable for practical IoT deployments and enhancing
   computational efficiency on edge devices.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer Nature
   2025.
DE deep neural networks ( dnns ); edge computing; internet of things ( iot );
   optimization algorithms; quantization of neural networks; tinyml
ID edge computing; bit-width; deep neural network; edge computing; internet of
   thing; neural networks; optimization algorithms; quantization; quantization
   of neural network; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 222
AR Sinha AK, 2025, INT CONF COMPUT INTELL NETW SYST CINS, DOI
   10.1109/CINS67018.2025.11412109
TI Adaptive Post-Training Quantization for Device-Aware TinyML Deployment
AU Sinha AK; Mishra R/1; Gupta A/1
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT INTELL NETW SYST CINS
PY 2025
AB Deep learning has revolutionized numerous domains such as computer vision,
   natural language processing, and speech recognition, achieving human-level
   performance in many tasks.  However, deploying deep neural networks (DNNs)
   on resource-constrained embedded systems remains a critical challenge due to
   stringent limitations in flash storage, SRAM, and compute capabilities.
   This work presents an adaptive post-training quantization (PTQ) framework
   tailored for device-aware TinyML deployment across diverse microcontroller
   architectures.  Our approach performs fine-grained layer-wise quantization
   decisions by profiling the sensitivity of individual network layers to
   precision reduction and enabling mixed-precision quantization that
   strategically applies INT8 and INT4 weight representations.  The method
   leverages per-channel quantization for convolutional layers and employs
   BatchNorm folding to preserve model accuracy without retraining.  We
   systematically evaluate the framework on multiple representative
   microcontroller platforms (e.g., ARM Cortex-M4 and Cortex-M7), demonstrating
   up to 65% model size reduction and 45% inference latency improvement with
   less than a 10% accuracy degradation on standard benchmarks such as CIFAR-10
   and ImageNet subsets.  The proposed solution bridges the gap between high-
   performance DNNs and stringent hardware constraints, providing a scalable
   and automated pipeline for deploying adaptive quantized models in
   production-grade TinyML applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE device-aware deployment; mixed precision quantization; post-training
   quantization; tinyml
ID benchmarking; deep neural networks; embedded systems; flash memory; natural
   language processing systems; network layers; size determination; speech
   communication; speech recognition; cortexes; device-aware deployment; mixed
   precision; mixed precision quantization; neural networks; post-training
   quantization; quantization; stringents; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 227
AR Imianosky C, 2025, PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI, DOI
   10.1109/IWASI66786.2025.11121981
TI Efficient TinyML Inference on a Fault-Tolerant RISC-V SoC with Vector
   Extension
AU Imianosky C; Santos DA; Dilillo L
TC 0
SO PROC INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI
PY 2025
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) enables low-power microcontrollers to run
   neural network inference locally, allowing real-Time classification near the
   sensor with reduced latency and no reliance on external infrastructure.
   This is especially relevant in constrained environments such as autonomous
   systems, satellites, and safety-critical embedded applications, where energy
   efficiency and reliability are essential.  This work evaluates the inference
   performance of a quantized convolutional neural network on HARV-SoC, a
   fault-Tolerant RISC-V system-on-chip with vector extension support.  The SoC
   includes our port of TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers with accelerated
   vectorized convolution functions.  Inference was tested using RGB and
   grayscale inputs to analyze how input structure impacts vectorization.
   Results show that, compared to the original convolution function, the RGB
   and grayscale models achieved 1.80 and 2.05 times speedup, respectively.
   The highest gains were observed when the input structure enabled better use
   of the available parallelism.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; near-sensor computing;
   tensorflow lite micro
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; energy efficiency; fault
   tolerance; fault tolerant computer systems; learning systems; low power
   electronics; microcontrollers; programmable logic controllers; safety
   engineering; system-on-chip; convolution functions; convolutional neural
   network; embedded-system; fault tolerant; gray scale; low power
   microcontrollers; machine learning; near-sensor computing; sensor computing;
   tensorflow lite micro; embedded systems

---

UT 228
AR Bittencourt JCN, 2025, IECON PROC, DOI 10.1109/IECON58223.2025.11221503
TI Embedded AI for Intelligent Wildfire Monitoring: A Multi-Sensor and Vision-
   Driven Approach
AU Bittencourt JCN; Flores T; Jesus TC; Silva I; Costa DG
TC 0
SO IECON PROC
PY 2025
AB The persistence of wildfires in natural landscapes calls for innovative
   early detection methods that leverage cutting-edge technologies.
   Traditional approaches, which rely solely on visual sensors or isolated
   devices, while valuable, often fall short in terms of accuracy, cost,
   scalability, and contextual adaptability.  In response to these challenges,
   this paper introduces a novel fire detection system that integrates a
   sensor-based model with a dynamically triggered visual analysis module at
   edge devices.  Central to our approach is a multi-sensor monitoring
   architecture that employs a TinyML classifier to continuously monitor
   environmental conditions under strict energy constraints.  Upon detecting
   potential fire indicators, the system promptly activates a visual sensor
   that uses a camera platform to adjust its orientation based on the target
   position, capturing and analyzing images through a lightweight Convolutional
   Neural Network (CNN). This proposed system achieves an accuracy of up to
   92%, while the quantized CNN models deliver an 83% reduction in inference
   time and a 74% and 70% decrease in peak RAM and Flash usage, respectively.
   Simulations also demonstrated that the system reduced the false-positive
   rate with minimal power increase.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cnn; early fire detection; edge computing; tinyml; wsn; wvsn
ID edge detection; fire detectors; fires; neural networks; convolutional neural
   network; early fire; early fire detection; edge computing; fire detection;
   multi sensor; tinyml; visual sensor; wsn; wvsn; edge computing

---

UT 229
AR Fernandes RDA/1, 2025, IEEE SENSORS LET, V9, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2025.3592171
TI Bin Occupancy Estimation in Warehouses With a TinyML Vision Sensor
AU Fernandes RDA/1; Braganca H; Cavalcante W; Gomes RCS; Nellessen PH; Camelo
   L; Torne I
TC 0
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2025
AB Machine vision has improved logistics efficiency, but its use for estimating
   available space in traditional warehouses remains limited, even with
   Artificial Intelligence of Things and tiny machine learning enabling cost-
   effective, energy-efficient connected sensors.  This letter presents a
   sensor solution with two optimized You Only Look Once (YOLO) models for bin
   and box detection, using the detected dimensions to estimate bin occupancy
   and transmit the results over a wireless network.  Both models were 8-bit
   quantized and embedded for efficient on-device processing.  The bin
   detection model achieved an average precision of 0.937, and the box model
   0.808, indicating reliable detection of medium and large objects.  With mean
   prediction latencies of 1.697 s for bins and 1.728 s for boxes, the solution
   enables up to 184 days of battery autonomy with 30-min detection intervals,
   supporting smarter and efficient warehouse management.  © IEEE. 2017 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence of things ( aiot ); bin occupancy estimation; sensor
   applications; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); warehouse optimization; you
   only look once ( yolo )
ID artificial intelligence; bins; computer vision; cost effectiveness; energy
   efficiency; learning systems; object detection; optimization; artificial
   intelligence of thing; bin occupancy estimation; cost effective; logistics
   efficiency; machine learning; machine vision; tiny machine learning; vision
   sensors; warehouse optimization; you only look once; warehouses

---

UT 231
AR Dasgupta S, 2025, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V15625 LNCS, P160, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-91835-3_11
TI Automated Generation of Accurate, Compact and Focused Crop and Weed
   Segmentation Models
AU Dasgupta S; Dey S
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB In this work, we address a challenging problem in crop sciences, where on-
   device execution of machine inference is necessary.  There are well-crafted
   large machine learning models for crop and weed segmentation.  However, the
   lack of focus on building compact yet accurate models is deterring the
   success of precision agriculture.  Designing such models not only needs
   specialized cross-disciplinary skills in machine learning and embedded
   systems but also requires tedious and repetitive trials.  To address this
   problem, we propose a method to automatically tune and generate accurate and
   optimal models for Precision Agriculture.  These models are not only
   suitable for on-device inference, but also enhance the performance of
   selected crops (or weeds) in a multi-class segmentation setting.  Extensive
   experimental evaluations are performed to demonstrate the efficacy of the
   proposed search on more than one crop and weed segmentation dataset.  The
   optimized models perform better than the state-of-the-art models used in
   crop and weed segmentation, using only a fraction of the parameters.  We
   believe that the fast and automated generation of optimal neural models has
   the potential to address the requirement of on-device inference in precision
   agriculture.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2025.
DE deep learning; edge; precision agriculture; segmentation; tinyml
ID accurate modeling; automated generation; deep learning; edge; large
   machines; machine learning models; precision agriculture; segmentation;
   segmentation models; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 232
AR Sankaran AK, 2025, ANNU IEEE SEMICOND THERM MEAS MANAG SYMP, P13
TI A TinyML Model Driven Approach to Dynamic Fan Power Control for Energy
   Efficiency in Edge Devices
AU Sankaran AK; Golash M; Pinjala D; Mohan K; Manikandan R
TC 0
SO ANNU IEEE SEMICOND THERM MEAS MANAG SYMP
PY 2025
AB This study addresses the significant challenge of fan power consumption in
   enhancing the throughput of edge devices.  With fan power being a primary
   constraint, an efficient fan speed controller becomes essential for
   optimizing energy use without compromising system performance.  We propose a
   TinyML-based fan speed control model that dynamically adjusts fan speed
   based on real-time sensor data, such as the temperature of critical
   components and current traffic conditions.  This model is designed to
   maintain temperatures within predefined thresholds, thereby ensuring system
   stability and efficiency.  Our experimental setup involved evaluating the
   TinyML model on an edge device, simulating maximum traffic conditions to
   test its efficacy under load.  Experiments show that this method reduces fan
   power consumption by up to 33% across various ambient temperatures, while
   maintaining system stability.  Compared to traditional methods, it offers a
   nearly 30% improvement in energy efficiency, with only a 7.5% increase in
   component temperatures, making it an effective solution for modern edge
   computing environments.  Overall, the TinyML model-driven fan speed control
   presents a compelling solution for reducing energy consumption in edge
   devices, providing significant power savings and maintaining system
   stability under various operating conditions.  Also being lightweight with
   limited computing requirements, this approach is an attractive option for
   optimizing performance and energy efficiency in modern systems.  © 2025
   SEMI-THERM Educational Foundation.
DE dynamic fan adjustment; edge devices; energy efficiency; fan power
   consumption; fan-speed control; power savings; real-time data; tinyml
ID systems analysis; dynamic fan adjustment; edge device; energy; fan power;
   fan power consumption; fan-speed control; power-saving; real-time data;
   system stabilities; tinyml; control system stability

---

UT 235
AR Garcia A, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1259, P356, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-82073-1_35
TI Embedded AI and TinyML: A Practical Analysis of Workflows and Libraries
AU Garcia A; Tardos J; Ferrando JL; Aguinaga D; Perez D; Estanga L
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB Embedded AI has become a relevant research line with real applications
   involving the deployment of AI algorithms in units with limited computing
   resources, such as microcontrollers (MCUs). Embedded AI has led to TinyML, a
   recently emerged paradigm that proposes to embed optimized ML models in
   MCUs.  Traditionally, this deployment has required a deep knowledge of low-
   level programming, but currently some higher-level software libraries ease
   this deployment.  However, analysis and practical examples of these
   libraries are still scarce.  The main objective of this paper is to present
   the practical deployment of some of these libraries on a Proof of Concept
   and a test bench to analyze their effects on the inference latency and
   accuracy of the AI models.  Results show that the development and deployment
   of these embedded models is already a feasible task requiring only basic AI
   and programming experience.  Furthermore, the inference latency and accuracy
   of these models meets the requirements of several real-world applications.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
DE embedded ai; microcontroller; ml; tinyml
ID ai algorithms; computing resource; deep knowledge; embedded ai; higher level
   softwares; low level programming; ml; real applications; tinyml; work-flows;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 236
AR Song Z, 2025, PROC - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST BIOCAS, P71, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS67066.2025.00026
TI A 23-μJ-per-frame Fully-Integrated U-Net-Based TinyML Processor for Real-
   Time and Autonomous Medical Image Segmentation
AU Song Z; Guler U; Chandrakasan A
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST BIOCAS
PY 2025
AB Autonomous and real-time medical image segmentation can analyze a large
   amount of imaging data that would otherwise overwhelm medical professionals.
   It enables critical applications including urinary retention diagnosis,
   neuromodulation, cardiovascular monitoring, and prenatal fetal biometry.
   While U-net achieves the state-of-the-art performance for biomedical
   applications, its skip connections and numerous layers pose compute and
   memory challenges for wearable devices.  Existing devices rely on cloud
   processing, limiting deployment and raising privacy concerns.  This paper
   presents the first fully-integrated medical image segmentation processor
   addressing these challenges through: 1) binary convolution datapaths with
   unique 4bit skip connection datapaths preserving diagnostic accuracy; 2) an
   interleaved memory format, halo reuse, and optimized dataflows for energy-
   efficient battery-powered operation; and 3) skip connection fusion and
   compression that reduce peak memory usage by 3.16 x and 1.38 x,
   respectively.  The 28 n m processor achieves 13.4 frames per second (fps) at
   23 μ J per frame for clinical bladder segmentation, enabling privacy-
   preserving continuous monitoring in emerging wearable ultrasound patches.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE ai-based ultrasound monitoring; biomedical image segmentation; tinyml
   accelerators; u-net; wearable biomedical devices
ID biomedical equipment; convolution; data privacy; diagnosis; medical
   applications; medical image processing; wearable computers; ai-based
   ultrasound monitoring; biomedical devices; biomedical image segmentation;
   fully integrated; medical image segmentation; real- time; tinyml
   accelerator; u-net; ultrasound monitoring; wearable biomedical device; image
   segmentation

---

UT 237
AR Widayaka PD, 2025, INT CONF VOCAT EDUC ELECTR ENG SHAP SUSTAIN FUTUR GREEN
   INNOV IND COLLAB EDUC INTELL TECHNOL ADV ICVEE, P227, DOI
   10.1109/ICVEE66651.2025.11281396
TI TinyML-Based Object Detection on Smart Blind Stick for Visually Impaired
   Person
AU Widayaka PD; Puspitaningayu P; Alamsyah SA; Endryansyah E; Rakhmawati L;
   Nerisafitra P; Abdillah R; Wildhanata A; Eyrlangga HA
TC 0
SO INT CONF VOCAT EDUC ELECTR ENG SHAP SUSTAIN FUTUR GREEN INNOV IND COLLAB
   EDUC INTELL TECHNOL ADV ICVEE
PY 2025
AB In our daily life, we often find people with certain disabilities or certain
   physical limitations, such as visually impaired people.  People with visual
   impairment often require assistance from others to perform daily activities.
   We have seen people with visual impairment using walking sticks to help them
   walk on the street or pedestrian.  With the development of technologies,
   many studies have been conducted to create disability aids or assistive
   technology for people with disabilities, especially smart blind sticks with
   function to detect objects in front of people with limited vision, where the
   smart blind stick is equipped with a sensor to detect the presence of an
   obstacle in front of them.  However, these aids are still limited to detect
   the presence of an object by identifying the type of the object.  In this
   study, a smart blind stick system was created by implementing artificial
   intelligence to detect objects in front of people with visual impairment,
   where this system applies Tiny-ML that can be implemented on edge devices
   such as microcontrollers.  In the results of this study, the system works
   well to recognize objects such as cars, motorcycles, road separators, and
   tactile guides in front of people with visual impairment by an F1 score of
   78.1 percent.  This object detection also gives a good result from hardware
   implementation with inferencing time 1368ms, 119.4K peak ram usage, and
   90.2K flash usage.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; disabilities; edge device; tinyml; visual
   impairment
ID assistive technology; edge detection; embedded systems; information systems;
   information use; object detection; object recognition; vision aids; walking
   aids; daily activity; daily lives; disability; edge device; objects
   detection; physical limitations; tinyml; visual impairment; visually
   impaired people; visually impaired persons; artificial intelligence

---

UT 240
AR Sreeraj S, 2025, INT CONF ADV ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN SUSTAIN TECHNOL ICAECT,
   DOI 10.1109/ICAECT63952.2025.10958884
TI Performance Benchmarking of ML Models for Resource Constrained Devices
AU Sreeraj S; Harikrishnan D
TC 0
SO INT CONF ADV ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN SUSTAIN TECHNOL ICAECT
PY 2025
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) revolution has enabled the deployment of a vast
   network of interconnected devices that collect and transmit data.  With the
   exponential growth in the number of IoT devices, the need for efficient data
   processing techniques has become paramount.  Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   represents a promising solution by enabling machine learning capabilities on
   resource-constrained devices.  TinyML has its own role in the current
   connected world and is a promising AI alternative for developing
   intelligence at the edge or for the resource-constrained devices.  This
   study underscores the importance of model compression and optimization
   techniques to enable the deployment of sophisticated models in resource
   constrained devices, paving the way for the integration of TinyML in various
   Internet of Things (IoT) applications.  Also explores the necessity of
   TinyML in IoT; enabling technologies, tools and methods adapted in TinyML
   and focusing on a case study that utilizes deep learning to predict weather
   types.  The work presents a detailed study on the development and
   optimization of a deep learning model for weather prediction, tailored for
   deployment on constrained edge devices.  The findings reveals that while
   deep learning offers significant predictive accuracy, optimizing models for
   TinyML through TFLite and Edge Impulse is crucial for real-time, on-device
   inference in constrained environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE constrained environment; edge devics; edge impulse; eon; model compression;
   tensor flow lite; tflite; tinyml
ID data integration; data reduction; constrained environment; edge devic; edge
   impulse; eon; machine learning; model compression; resource-constrained
   devices; tensor flow lite; tflite; tiny machine learning; deep learning

---

UT 242
AR Gao Z, 2025, SCI CHINA TECHNOL SCI, V68, DOI 10.1007/s11431-025-3072-9
TI An edge-deployable TinyML approach enhanced by transfer learning for
   efficient bearing fault diagnosis
AU Gao Z; Jiang Z/1; Dong Z; Fu X; Chen Y/4; Zhang C/1
TC 0
SO SCI CHINA TECHNOL SCI
PY 2025
AB Machine learning has enabled predictive maintenance in industrial fault
   diagnosis through vibration analysis, which still faces significant
   application resistance due to the high demand for data and computing power.
   TinyML enables low-power, on-device machine learning inference on resource-
   constrained microcontrollers with minimal data transmission through extreme
   model optimization, demonstrating potential for broad industrial
   applications.  This paper presents an edge-deployable TinyML approach for
   efficient bearing fault diagnosis in a vibration monitoring system.  By
   employing transfer learning, the methodology effectively adapts the model
   with limited training data and deploys it on an ESP32-S3 microcontroller.
   Experimental results on a proprietary bearing dataset covering four bearing
   fault types demonstrate a fault state classification accuracy of 88.28%
   while completing inference within 45 ms and consuming only 17.7 mJ of
   energy.  The proposed solution also integrates remote monitoring and data
   management capabilities, providing real-time insights into equipment health
   status.  This paper provides an effective and economical approach for
   condition monitoring, fault prediction, and preventive maintenance of
   industrial equipment.  © Science China Press 2025.
DE fault diagnosis system; relay device; tiny machine learning; transfer
   learning; vibration monitoring
ID condition monitoring; constrained optimization; fault tolerant computer
   systems; learning systems; microcontrollers; predictive maintenance;
   preventive maintenance; transfer learning; vibration analysis; vibration
   measurement; bearing fault diagnosis; fault diagnosis system; faults
   diagnosis; machine learning; predictive maintenance; relay device; tiny
   machine learning; transfer learning; vibration monitoring; vibrations
   analysis; failure analysis; fault detection

---

UT 243
AR Fernandez S, 2025, INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT, DOI
   10.23919/SpliTech65624.2025.11091675
TI Exploring the Boundaries of Resource-Constrained AIoT: Tiny Machine Learning
   for Condition Monitoring using 8-bit and 32-bit Microcontrollers
AU Fernandez S; Vallejo M; Lim T
TC 0
SO INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT
PY 2025
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) emerges as an innovation that gives more
   autonomy to edge devices, which are typically low-powered and low-memory.
   With most developments focused on 32-bit devices, this work queries the
   performance and effectiveness of 8-bit devices to provide equal, if not
   more, benefit in terms of cost and power consumption, in exploiting all
   available resources in a small device.  The research interest was deploying
   a multilayer perceptron model for multivariate time series prediction in
   8-bit and 32-bit devices with evaluation of the limitations of neural
   network modelling in 8-bit microcontrollers.  A gas-based early fire
   detection TinyML device was designed as a use case, to monitor the condition
   of an indoor environment.  With only 32 kilobytes flash memory, the findings
   suggest that artificial intelligence (AI) tasks generally requiring a larger
   power source and network endpoints bridge could now be realized on-device at
   a fraction of computing resource utilization.  Given the challenges of
   sustainability in electronics, this study hopes to contribute to reconcile
   reducing energy-hungry AI models that would otherwise be difficult to run.
   A proving ground is the smallest off-the-shelf microcontroller available
   capable of TinyML applications, and that crucial consideration of each
   factor in the implementation can help optimize costs and materials.  © 2025
   University of Split, FESB.
DE anomaly detection; artificial intelligence; artificial intelligence of
   things; condition monitoring; microcontrollers; tiny machine learning
ID cost benefit analysis; learning systems; machine learning; multilayer neural
   networks; 8-bit devices; anomaly detection; artificial intelligence of
   thing; condition; low memory; machine learning; performance; power; small
   devices; tiny machine learning; condition monitoring; microcontrollers

---

UT 247
AR Aygun S, 2025, PROC EDUC CONF FIE, DOI 10.1109/FIE63693.2025.11328713
TI WIP: TinyML Systems 101 New Course Curriculum in tiny Machine Learning
AU Aygun S
TC 0
SO PROC EDUC CONF FIE
PY 2025
AB This work-in-progress research-to-practice category paper presents the
   design and early implementation of a graduate-level curriculum in tiny
   machine learning (tinyML) systems aimed at bridging the gap between
   algorithm-focused ML education and the hardware-aware challenges of embedded
   intelligence.  The course introduces students to emerging computing
   paradigms, such as stochastic computing and hyperdimensional computing,
   within a project-based, research-informed learning environment.  The
   curriculum fosters interdisciplinary competence in machine learning,
   hardware architecture, and systems optimization by incorporating real-world
   system design.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE design-based research; graduate education; project based learning; tiny
   machine learning
ID computer aided instruction; computer hardware; curricula; education
   computing; engineering research; interactive computer systems; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; students; systems analysis;
   design-based research; embedded intelligence; emerging computing paradigm;
   graduate education; graduate-level; in-progress research; machine learning
   systems; machine learning; project based learning; tiny machine learning;
   embedded systems

---

UT 249
AR Martín-Moreno J, 2025, AI, V6, DOI 10.3390/ai6120325
TI Online On-Device Adaptation of Linguistic Fuzzy Models for TinyML Systems
AU Martín-Moreno J; Márquez FA; Roldán AM; Peregrín A
TC 0
SO AI
PY 2025
AB Background: Many everyday electronic devices incorporate embedded computers,
   allowing them to offer advanced functions such as Internet connectivity or
   the execution of artificial intelligence algorithms, giving rise to Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) and Edge AI applications.  In these contexts,
   models must be both efficient and explainable, especially when they are
   intended for systems that must be understood, interpreted, validated, or
   certified by humans in contrast to other approaches that are less
   interpretable.  Among these algorithms, linguistic fuzzy systems have
   traditionally been valued for their interpretability and their ability to
   represent uncertainty with low computational cost, making them a relevant
   choice for embedded intelligence.  However, in dynamic and changing
   environments, it is essential that these models can continuously adapt.
   While there are fuzzy approaches capable of adapting to changing conditions,
   few studies explicitly address their adaptation and optimization in
   resource-constrained devices.  Methods: This paper focuses on this challenge
   and presents a lightweight evolutionary strategy, based on a micro genetic
   algorithm, adapted for constrained hardware online on-device tuning of
   linguistic (Mamdani-type) fuzzy models, while preserving their
   interpretability.  Results: A prototype implementation on an embedded
   platform demonstrates the feasibility of the approach and highlights its
   potential to bring explainable self-adaptation to TinyML and Edge AI
   scenarios.  Conclusions: The main contribution lies in showing how an
   appropriate integration of carefully chosen tuning mechanisms and model
   structure enables efficient on-device adaptation under severe resource
   constraints, making continuous linguistic adjustment feasible within TinyML
   systems.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE edge computing; linguistic fuzzy systems; on-device learning; tinyml; tinyol

---

UT 253
AR Lamaakal I, 2025, IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS66544.2025.11270596
TI Toward Neuromorphic TinyML for Efficient Visual Perception
AU Lamaakal I; Yahyati C; Ouahbi I; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS
PY 2025
AB The rapid growth of edge computing applications in robotics, wearable
   devices, autonomous systems, and IoT has driven a critical demand for
   energy-efficient and low-latency visual perception capabilities.
   Traditional deep learning models, though effective, often exceed the
   computational and power constraints of embedded devices.  TinyML has emerged
   to address these constraints by enabling machine learning on resource-
   limited hardware, yet existing TinyML methods typically rely on conventional
   architectures that are not inherently optimized for sparse or event-driven
   data.  In this paper, we explore a theoretical framework for integrating
   neuromorphic computing principles into the TinyML paradigm to enhance
   efficiency in visual perception tasks.  We analyze key architectural
   elements inspired by biological systems such as spiking neural networks,
   temporal coding, and event-driven processing and assess their potential to
   reduce power consumption and data redundancy while maintaining perceptual
   performance.  Our approach offers a conceptual foundation for neuromorphic
   TinyML systems tailored for real-time vision applications in constrained
   environments.  By unifying the low-power advantages of neuromorphic hardware
   with the scalability of TinyML, this work paves the way for next-generation
   embedded vision systems that are more responsive, energy-aware, and
   biologically inspired.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; embedded systems; internet of things; neuromorphic computing;
   tinyml
ID biological systems; biomimetics; computer hardware; computer vision; deep
   learning; edge computing; energy efficiency; green computing; internet of
   things; learning systems; low power electronics; neural networks; power
   management; real-time systems; robotics; vision; computing applications;
   edge ai; edge computing; embedded-system; event-driven; neuromorphic;
   neuromorphic computing; rapid growth; tinyml; visual perception; embedded
   systems

---

UT 255
AR González M, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2552 CCIS, P211, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-97907-1_17
TI Deploying Real-Time Speech Recognition on ESP32 Using TinyML and Edge
   Impulse
AU González M; Gutiérrez S; Espinosa R; Ponce H
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has enabled real-time on-
   device inference on ultra-low-power microcontrollers, eliminating reliance
   on cloud computing while significantly reducing latency, power consumption,
   and bandwidth requirements.  This study explores the deployment of a TinyML-
   based speech recognition system on an ESP32 microcontroller, leveraging Edge
   Impulse for model development, Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs)
   for feature extraction, and TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers (TFLM) for
   efficient inference.  The model was trained on a curated subset of the
   Google Speech Commands Dataset, incorporating background noise augmentation
   to enhance robustness in real-world environments.  Using Edge Impulse’s EON
   Compiler, the model was fully quantized and optimized, achieving a 37%
   reduction in RAM usage and 27% in ROM. The final model attained 87.14%
   accuracy on testing data and 97.1% average classification confidence during
   real-time inference, with excellent noise rejection (99.6%) and latency of
   266 ms.  Compared to state-of-the-art systems deployed on more powerful
   platforms, the proposed approach achieves competitive accuracy while
   maintaining real-time inference and minimal resource consumption on ultra-
   low-power hardware.  This makes it particularly suitable for battery-powered
   IoT, robotics, and embedded automation applications where connectivity and
   energy efficiency are critical.  By balancing performance and efficiency,
   this research highlights the viability of deploying speech recognition
   systems on constrained microcontrollers.  Future work will explore advanced
   architectures and enhanced feature extraction strategies to further improve
   recognition accuracy, especially for short or phonetically similar commands.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
DE edge impulse; energy efficient ai; esp32; iot; mfcc; neural networks; speech
   recognition; tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID arts computing; computer architecture; distributed computer systems; energy
   efficiency; extraction; feature extraction; green computing; interactive
   computer systems; learning systems; microcontrollers; speech communication;
   tensors; edge impulse; energy efficient; energy efficient ai; esp32; iot;
   machine learning; mel-frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency
   cepstral coefficients; neural networks; tensorflow lite; tiny machine
   learning; neural networks; speech recognition

---

UT 256
AR Govindaraj R, 2025, PROC INT CONF SCI TECHNOL ENG MATH ICONSTEM, DOI
   10.1109/ICONSTEM65670.2025.11374890
TI Convolutional Neural Network-Based Smart Crop Yield Recommendations Through
   Tiny Machine Learning in IoT Edge Devices
AU Govindaraj R; Neelima B; Surekha C; Al-Shaikh A; Babu MA; Srinivasan K
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF SCI TECHNOL ENG MATH ICONSTEM
PY 2025
AB By integrating deep learning, ensemble machine learning, attention
   mechanisms, and climate-sensitive predictive modelling to address precision
   agriculture and cybersecurity challenges, we designed the CNN-based smart
   crop yield prediction using TinyML on Internet of Things (IoT) Edge Devices
   (CSCYTI) model.  An optimised Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)
   architecture for edge devices using TinyML to enable real-time image quality
   assessments with low latency, utilisingquantisation-aware training and
   TensorFlow Lite for efficient model deployment on IoT devices.  For network
   intrusion detection, an ensemble-based Random Forest (RF) method alongside
   eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost) is proposed, improving classification
   accuracy through majority voting and weighted gradient boosting, enhanced by
   an Attention Score Calculation (ASC) mechanism to capture contextual
   dependencies.  An agricultural recommendation system that includes climate
   factors and historical data to understand localized agricultural patterns
   that can be disrupted by climate change.  The training accuracy is 0.98, and
   the validation accuracy achieves a perfect score of 1.0 at the 10th epoch.
   Training and validation losses are both at 0.7, and they decrease
   significantly to 0.05 and 0.06, over the next 15 epochs.  Throughout the
   following 84 epochs.  It achieves 93.3 % accuracy on positive samples and a
   97.5 % true negative rate of 50 cases.  A test set of 260 cases (120
   positive, 140 negative), the model reported a true positive rate of 92.3 %,
   a true negative rate of 82.4 %, 10 false negatives, 30 false positives, and
   an overall accuracy of 86.6 %. The CSCYTI achieved an accuracy of 0.9993,
   slightly below IHDEN's 0.9994. CSCYTI attained the highest precision
   (0.9995), recall (0.9996), and F1-score (0.9998). © 2025 IEEE.
DE attention score calculation ( asc ); convolutional neural network ( cnn );
   extreme gradient boosting ( xgboost ); internet of things ( iot ); random
   forest ( rf )
ID adaptive boosting; agricultural machinery; climate change; climate models;
   convolution; convolutional neural networks; crops; deep learning; image
   quality; learning systems; precision agriculture; random forests; smart
   agriculture; attention score calculation; convolutional neural network; crop
   yield; extreme gradient boosting ( xgboost ); gradient boosting; internet of
   thing; network-based; random forest; random forests; internet of things

---

UT 257
AR Soto-Vergel AJ, 2025, SOCIO-ECON PLANN SCI, V101, DOI
   10.1016/j.seps.2025.102270
TI An Industry 4.0 geolocation system for last mile ground disasters survivor
   detection: Tests and results
AU Soto-Vergel AJ; Ramirez-Rios D; Velez JC; Amaya-Mier R
TC 0
SO SOCIO-ECON PLANN SCI
PY 2025
AB This research introduces a novel geolocation system for survivor detection
   after disasters, based on the Ground Disaster Information Management System
   (GDIMS) guidelines.  Our geolocation system is a rapid deployment, low-
   power, and wide-area network solution that uses tiny machine-learning-based
   voice activity detection to obtain timely information in challenging
   disaster-struck environments.  The system is designed to signal survivor
   existence on an interactive map and further guide search and rescue efforts
   during the aftermath of a disaster.  The impact and relevance of this
   technology lie in its ability to continuously monitor disasters despite
   disruptions from remote, steep, and/or debris disaster surroundings,
   nontrivial locations of possible victims, and failed transportation and
   communication infrastructure.  This research draws from lessons learned from
   past events, such as the 2017 and 2010 landslides in Mocoa and Gramalote,
   Colombia.  Results from numerical tests conducted in Gramalote, Colombia,
   show the technological maturity of the system and its capabilities for
   possible real-world implementation.  © 2025 Elsevier Ltd
DE geolocation system; ground disaster; lorawan; lpwan; survivor detection;
   tiny machine learning
ID colombia; detection method; disaster; information management; landslide;
   machine learning; search and rescue

---

UT 258
AR Pham HV, 2025, EAI ENDORSED TRANS AI ROBOT, V4, DOI 10.4108/airo.7877
TI Lightweight Keyword Spotting with Inter-Domain Interaction and Attention for
   Real-Time Voice-Controlled Robotics
AU Pham HV; Vu TP; Nguyen HT; Le M
TC 0
SO EAI ENDORSED TRANS AI ROBOT
PY 2025
AB Voice-controlled systems are increasingly essential in robotics, enabling
   intuitive, hands-free interaction.  However, deploying Keyword Spotting
   (KWS) models on resource-constrained microcontrollers remains challenging,
   as existing approaches often sacrifice either efficiency or accuracy.  This
   study proposes a lightweight KWS model optimized for embedded systems,
   balancing computational efficiency and recognition performance.  The model
   leverages inter-domain interaction to extract spectral (MFCC) and temporal
   features, with an attention mechanism enhancing keyword detection.  It
   achieves 93.70% accuracy on Google Command v2-12, with 0.359s inference
   time, 34.9KB peak RAM, and 98.7KB flash usage, outperforming DS-CNN-S in
   speed and memory efficiency.  These results demonstrate the feasibility of
   real-time, voice-controlled robotics on low-power microcontrollers, paving
   the way for efficient, embedded speech recognition systems.  © 2025 Hien Vu
   Pham et al.
DE channel attention; speech commands; spotting; tinyml

---

UT 259
AR Salem MA, 2025, INTERDISCIP CONF ELECTR COMPUT INTCEC, DOI
   10.1109/INTCEC65580.2025.11256135
TI A TinyML Reinforcement Learning Approach for Energy-Efficient Light Control
   in Low-Cost Greenhouse Systems
AU Salem MA; Perez MC; Rabia AH
TC 0
SO INTERDISCIP CONF ELECTR COMPUT INTCEC
PY 2025
AB This study presents a reinforcement learning (RL)based control strategy for
   adaptive lighting regulation in controlled environments using a low-power
   microcontroller.  A modelfree Q-learning algorithm was implemented to
   dynamically adjust the brightness of a Light-Emitting Diode (LED) based on
   real-Time feedback from a light-dependent resistor (LDR) sensor.  The system
   was trained to stabilize at 13 distinct light intensity levels (L1 to L13),
   with each target corresponding to a specific range within the 64-state space
   derived from LDR readings.  A total of 130 trials were conducted, covering
   all target levels with 10 episodes each.  Performance was evaluated in terms
   of convergence speed, steps taken, and time required to reach target states.
   Box plots and histograms were generated to analyze the distribution of
   training time and learning efficiency across targets.  Experimental
   validation demonstrated that the agent could effectively learn to stabilize
   at varying light levels with minimal overshooting and smooth convergence,
   even in the presence of environmental perturbations.  This work highlights
   the feasibility of lightweight, on-device RL for energy-efficient lighting
   control and sets the groundwork for multi-modal environmental control
   applications in resource-constrained agricultural systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE autonomous control; greenhouse automation; light intensity regulation;
   precision agriculture; q-learning; reinforcement learning; temperature
   control
ID adaptive control systems; environmental management; greenhouses; learning
   algorithms; light emitting diodes; power control; precision agriculture;
   autonomous control; energy efficient; greenhouse automation; light
   intensity; light intensity regulation; light-dependent resistors; precision
   agriculture; q-learning; reinforcement learning approach; reinforcement
   learnings; reinforcement learning; temperature control

---

UT 260
AR Rahman MM/1, 2025, IEEE SYMP COMPUT INFORMATICS ISCI, P268, DOI
   10.1109/ISCI65687.2025.11167386
TI Decentralised Reputation Tracking using TinyML for Task Recommendation in
   Spatial Crowdsourcing
AU Rahman MM/1; Hasan MM; Rahman MM; Farhad MKR; Billah MM; Ullah N
TC 0
SO IEEE SYMP COMPUT INFORMATICS ISCI
PY 2025
AB Spatial crowdsourcing (SC) platforms depend on reputation systems to ensure
   trust and quality in the execution of tasks.  However, traditional
   centralised reputation mechanisms face scalability, privacy, and
   connectivity challenges.  This paper presents a decentralised reputation
   tracking framework that utilises Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). In this
   framework, lightweight machine learning models embedded in edge devices
   compute and maintain local reputation scores based on the outcomes of tasks.
   These local scores are then shared with a central task allocator, allowing
   for trust-aware assignments without exposing raw behavioural data.  The
   proposed modular architecture facilitates on-device feature extraction and
   reputation updates, significantly reducing communication overhead.
   Experimental results using Yelp datasets indicate that our approach achieves
   competitive trust estimation accuracy, decreases communication by 45%, and a
   4x reduction in latency compared to centralised baselines.  This work
   establishes a foundation for privacy-preserving, scalable, and intelligent
   trust management in the next generation of SC systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE decentralized reputation; privacy-preserving systems; spatial crowdsourcing;
   task allocation; tinyml
ID behavioral research; learning systems; machine learning; privacy-preserving
   techniques; centralized; crowdsourcing platforms; decentralized;
   decentralized reputation; machine learning; privacy-preserving; privacy-
   preserving system; spatial crowdsourcing; task allocation; tiny machine
   learning; crowdsourcing

---

UT 261
AR Lezama J, 2025, TEMSCON LATAM - TECHNOL ENG MANAG SOC CONF, DOI
   10.1109/TEMSCONLATAM65810.2025.11238594
TI Load Classification Using Machine Learning on NanoEdge AI Studio for STM32
   Microcontroller
AU Lezama J; Romero H; Sayhua A
TC 0
SO TEMSCON LATAM - TECHNOL ENG MANAG SOC CONF
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces an embedded system designed for the accurate
   classification of domestic electrical loads through current signature
   analysis.  The system leverages a machine learning model based on the SVM
   algorithm, implemented on an STM32 Nucleo U575ZI microcontroller using
   NanoEdge AI Studio.  By acquiring current signals via the DMA module and
   employing Fast Fourier Transform for feature extraction, the system
   effectively distinguishes between seven distinct domestic loads: iron,
   vacuum cleaner, kettle, printer, fan, blender, and a 'no load' state.  This
   solution achieves a remarkable 99.88% precision while maintaining
   exceptional resource efficiency, requiring only 2.8 KB of RAM and 2.9 KB of
   Flash memory.  Furthermore, rapid classification is achieved with an
   execution time of just 0.7 ms, making it ideally suited for real-time
   applications.  The fusion of lightweight machine learning and efficient
   signal processing demonstrates a practical and effective approach to
   intelligent energy monitoring in smart homes.  These results underscore the
   potential of embedded systems for accurate and low-cost load classification,
   contributing to the advancement of edge computing by showcasing the
   feasibility of deploying sophisticated machine learning models on resource-
   constrained devices without sacrificing performance or accuracy.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE electric domestic load; embedded-system; load classification; smart house;
   tiny machine learning
ID automation; fast fourier transforms; flash memory; intelligent buildings;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   nanotechnology; current signature analysis; electric domestic load;
   electrical load; embedded-system; load classification; machine learning
   models; machine learning; model-based opc; through current; tiny machine
   learning; embedded systems

---

UT 262
AR Yang J/1, 2025, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST REGUL PAP, DOI
   10.1109/TCSI.2025.3638448
TI TinyFormer: Efficient Sparse Transformer Design and Deployment on Tiny
   Devices
AU Yang J/1; Liao J; Lei F; Liu M; Long L; Chen J/2; Wan H; Yu B; Zhao W/2
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST REGUL PAP
PY 2025
AB Developing deep learning models on tiny devices (e.g.  Microcontroller
   units, MCUs) has attracted much attention in various embedded IoT
   applications.  However, it is challenging to efficiently design and deploy
   recent advanced models (e.g.  transformers) on tiny devices due to their
   severe hardware resource constraints.  In this work, we propose TinyFormer,
   a framework specifically designed to develop and deploy resource-efficient
   transformer models on MCUs.  TinyFormer consists of SuperNAS, SparseNAS, and
   SparseEngine.  Separately, SuperNAS aims to search for an appropriate
   supernet from a vast search space.  SparseNAS evaluates the best sparse
   single-path transformer model from the identified supernet.  Finally,
   SparseEngine efficiently deploys the searched sparse models onto MCUs.  To
   the best of our knowledge, SparseEngine is the first deployment framework
   capable of performing inference of sparse transformer models on MCUs.
   Evaluation results on the CIFAR-10 dataset demonstrate that TinyFormer can
   design efficient transformers with an accuracy of 96.1% while adhering to
   hardware constraints of 1MB storage and 320KB memory.  Additionally,
   TinyFormer achieves significant speedups in sparse inference, up to 12.2×
   comparing to the CMSIS-NN library.  TinyFormer is believed to bring powerful
   transformers into TinyML scenarios and to greatly expand the scope of deep
   learning applications.  © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE deployment; nas; sparsity; tinyformer; tinyml; transformer
ID learning systems; microcontrollers; deployment; learning models;
   microcontroller unit; nas; sparsity; tinyformer; tinyml; transformer;
   transformer design; transformer modeling; deep learning

---

UT 264
AR Abrya I, 2025, INT CONF WIREL MOB COMPUT NETW COMMUN, DOI
   10.1109/WiMob66857.2025.11257576
TI Decentralized Tiny Ensemble Learning for Privacy-Preserving Compliance
   Prediction in Operating Room Environments
AU Abrya I; Bouhaddou S; Ayache M; Nasser N; Bouayad A
TC 0
SO INT CONF WIREL MOB COMPUT NETW COMMUN
PY 2025
AB Healthcare environments, particularly operating rooms, face significant
   challenges in maintaining optimal conditions to prevent postoperative
   infections.  These challenges include the absence of real-time monitoring
   systems, the limited availability of labeled medical data, and the
   difficulty of deploying intelligent solutions in resource-constrained
   settings.  Additionally, there is a growing need to explore emerging
   technologies in IoT and TinyML to modernize healthcare monitoring and
   address existing gaps in system intelligence, scalability, and privacy.
   This paper presents a privacy-preserving intelligent system designed to
   predict the compliance of operating room environments with ISO standards by
   continuously monitoring key parameters such as temperature, humidity, air
   quality, and pressure.  The system employs a decentralized Tiny ensemble
   learning architecture, utilizing ESP32 microcontrollers as edge learners and
   a Raspberry Pi 4 as the aggregator node.  This approach improves prediction
   accuracy to 98.74 % while preserving data privacy through localized
   processing.  To address data scarcity, recent synthetic data generation
   techniques from the literature are employed to create comprehensive datasets
   for training and validation.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; ensemble learning; iomt; on-board training; operating room
   monitoring; smart healthcare systems; tinyml
ID healthcare; intelligent systems; iso standards; labeled data; learning
   systems; operating rooms; privacy-preserving techniques; real-time systems;
   regulatory compliance; decentralized; edge ai; ensemble learning; iomt; on-
   board training; operating room environment; operating room monitoring;
   privacy-preserving; smart healthcare systems; tinyml; forecasting

---

UT 265
AR Medur P, 2025, MIPRO ICT ELECTRON CONV MIPRO - PROC, P186, DOI
   10.1109/MIPRO65660.2025.11131906
TI Optimizing Keyword Spotting Classifier Based on Tiny Machine Learning for
   Low-Power Embedded Devices
AU Medur P; Lubbers M; Mausa G
TC 0
SO MIPRO ICT ELECTRON CONV MIPRO - PROC
PY 2025
AB Keyword Spotting (KWS) is essential for enabling voice recognition in smart
   home systems and although deploying reliable and energy-efficient models on
   low-power embedded devices remains a challenge, tiny machine learning offers
   a promising solution.  In this paper, raw audio data from Google's Speech
   Commands Dataset v0.02 is used to develop and evaluate neural network
   architectures optimized for KWS based on Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients
   (MFCC). The audio signals are formatted as a compact 2D matrix of time-
   frequency features, making it ideal for convolutional neural networks
   (CNNs). Ten networks are trained with 10-fold cross-validation, fine-tuned
   on speaker-specific data and, by using post-training quantization, converted
   from TensorFlow (TF) to TensorFlow Lite (LiteRT) format for deployment on
   microcontrollers.  The trade-offs between model size, performance and energy
   efficiency are analyzed, and the results show that LiteRT models
   considerably reduce the energy consumption, with energy savings ranging from
   1 4% for smaller capacity models to 99.73% for larger ones, while
   maintaining performance similar to TF models.  Furthermore, fine-tuning
   models of greater capacity slightly improves their accuracy (0.51%) and
   energy efficiency (1.75%), whereas smaller models are unaffected by fine-
   tuning.  This study lays the foundation for the integration of KWS models
   based on tiny machine learning into microcontrollers for real-time
   applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE keyword spotting; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients; tensorflow lite; tiny
   machine learning
ID automation; convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; energy
   efficiency; intelligent buildings; learning systems; low power electronics;
   machine learning; network architecture; signal processing; speech
   communication; speech recognition; tensors; tuning; embedded device; energy;
   keyword spotting; low power; machine learning; mel-frequency cepstral co-
   efficient; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients; performance; tensorflow
   lite; tiny machine learning; economic and social effects

---

UT 267
AR Li S/2, 2025, PROC INT CONF PARALLEL DISTRIB SYST ICPADS, DOI
   10.1109/ICPADS67057.2025.11322967
TI μ-Fed: Memory-Efficient Federated Learning on Microcontrollers for Multi-
   Modal Cardiovascular Monitoring
AU Li S/2; Xu C; Wang H
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF PARALLEL DISTRIB SYST ICPADS
PY 2025
AB Federated Learning (FL) on resource-constrained Microcontroller Units
   (MCUs)-the cornerstone of the IoT-is considered largely infeasible due to
   prohibitive on-device training costs.  This paper introduces μ-Fed, a full-
   stack co-designed system that makes robust FL on low-cost MCUs a reality for
   multimodal cardiovascular monitoring.  The core of μ-Fed is a novel memory-
   efficient training algorithm that reduces peak RAM usage by over 70%, making
   on-device backpropagation feasible on commodity hardware.  This core
   innovation is integrated with a hardware-aware data pipeline for high-
   precision sensing and a robustness-aware aggregation protocol that adapts to
   real-world data quality using Signal Quality Indices (SQI). Evaluation on a
   physical testbed of 30 STM32-based nodes demonstrates that μ-Fed achieves up
   to 15% faster convergence on Non-IID data distributions.  This work provides
   the first complete, validated blueprint for deploying practical FL at the
   extreme edge.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; federated learning; memory optimization; microcontroller; multi-
   modal sensing; system design; tinyml
ID memory-management; random access storage; systems analysis; cardiovascular
   monitoring; edge ai; low-costs; memory efficient; memory optimization;
   microcontroller unit; multi-modal; multi-modal sensing; tinyml; training
   costs; microcontrollers

---

UT 269
AR Zhang Y/10, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70053
TI Low-Power Physiological Fatigue Monitoring via TinyML-Enabled Wearables for
   Sports Evaluation
AU Zhang Y/10
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB In the context of the growing integration of Internet of Things (IoT) and
   edge intelligence into sports technology, the ability to accurately monitor
   athlete fatigue in real time has become increasingly important for
   performance optimization and injury prevention.  This paper presents a novel
   fatigue detection framework that leverages physiological signal fusion and
   personalized activity recognition, optimized for resource-constrained IoT
   devices using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) techniques.  The proposed
   system combines inertial and heart rate signals collected from wearable
   devices and computes a lightweight, on-device Physiological Fatigue Index
   (PFI), enhanced with personalized calibration and adaptive thresholding.  To
   support deployment on ultra-low-power microcontrollers, we apply
   quantization, pruning, and model distillation, reducing memory footprint and
   energy consumption while preserving high accuracy.  Experimental results on
   data collected from 12 athletes demonstrate the effectiveness of the
   approach, achieving 93.4% accuracy and 44 mWh hourly power use,
   outperforming several state-of-the-art TinyML and classical baselines.  This
   work contributes a deployable, scalable, and privacy-aware solution for
   continuous sports fatigue assessment in real-world environments.  © 2025
   John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE fatigue detection; internet of things ( iot ); physiological signal
   analysis; sports monitoring; wearable devices
ID artificial intelligence; energy utilization; fatigue of materials; human
   computer interaction; learning systems; pattern recognition; physiological
   models; physiology; sports; wearable technology; fatigue detection; fatigue
   monitoring; internet of thing; low power; machine learning; physiological
   signal analyze; physiological signals; signals analysis; sport monitoring;
   wearable devices; internet of things

---

UT 272
AR Ram CB, 2025, INT CONF SOFTW SYST TECHNOL SSITCON, DOI
   10.1109/SSITCON66133.2025.11342233
TI Federated TinyML on ESP32: A Resource-Constrained Framework for IoT Health
   Monitoring
AU Ram CB; Nirmala MB; Gari SP
TC 0
SO INT CONF SOFTW SYST TECHNOL SSITCON
PY 2025
AB The combination of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) with Federated Learning
   (FL) enables intelligent analytics on low-power microcontrollers.  While
   prior often rely on resource-rich devices (e.g., Raspberry Pi, Jetson), very
   few have demonstrated FL on low-power devices.  This research develops a
   resource-limited federated learning system which operates on ESP32 devices
   to perform real-time health monitoring.  A lightweight neural network
   processed parameters like blood oxygen saturation (SpO2), heart rate and
   temperature.  The devices run local anomaly detection while sending model
   updates to build a global model through federated averaging.  Unlike
   centralized TinyML deployments, our framework maintains privacy by keeping
   all raw health data on the device.  The proposed system reaches an average
   classification accuracy of 98 % while maintaining inference latency under
   100 ms and keeping the quantized model size below 3 KB to support deployment
   on memory-restricted hardware.  These results demonstrate that federated
   aggregation preserves accuracy while reducing centralized storage needs
   enabling privacy-preserving and resourceefficient solution.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; esp32 microcontroller; federated learning ( fl ); iot health
   monitoring; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID anomaly detection; data privacy; digital storage; federated learning;
   internet of things; learning systems; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   centralized; edge computing; esp32 microcontroller; federated learning;
   health monitoring; iot health monitoring; low power microcontrollers;
   machine learning; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning; edge
   computing

---

UT 273
AR Wang Y/3, 2025, PROC INT SYMP ARTIF INTELL EDUC ISAIE, P200, DOI
   10.1145/3775073.3775107
TI The Convergence of AI and IoT in Education: Towards Smarter Schools
AU Wang Y/3
TC 0
SO PROC INT SYMP ARTIF INTELL EDUC ISAIE
PY 2025
AB Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) aims to create safer, greener, and
   more personalized learning environments in schools.  This paper proposes a
   reference architecture and implementation patterns for AIoT-enabled smart
   schools, integrating sensing, edge intelligence with lightweight machine
   learning, privacy-preserving analytics using federated learning and
   differential privacy, and cloud orchestration.  We outline design principles
   that comply with educational regulations, such as student data privacy laws.
   The contributions include (i) an end-to-end AIoT architecture for schools;
   (ii) task blueprints for energy optimization, occupancy-aware safety, and
   learning analytics; (iii) deployment guidance covering device classes, data
   flows, and model governance; and (iv) an evaluation plan and risk checklist
   to ensure trustworthy AI in K-12 settings.  © 2025 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE aiot; coppa; edge ai; federated learning; ferpa; hvac; learning analytics;
   occupancy; privacy; smart schools; tinyml
ID cloud analytics; computer aided instruction; differential privacy; embedded
   systems; federated learning; human engineering; laws and legislation;
   learning systems; machine learning; privacy by design; privacy-preserving
   techniques; safety engineering; teaching; artificial intelligence of thing;
   coppa; edge ai; ferpa; learning analytic; occupancy; personalized learning
   environments; privacy; smart schools; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 279
AR Almaini A, 2025, PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN IEEE INT CONF
   DATA SCI SYST IEEE INT CONF SMART CITY IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABILITY SENS
   CLOUD BIG DATA SYST APPL IEEE INT CONF EMBED SOFTW SYST
   HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS/ICESS, P1045, DOI 10.1109/HPCC67675.2025.00152
TI Privacy-Preserving Electricity Load Forecasting in Smart Cities Using TinyML
   at the Edge
AU Almaini A; Nataraj S; Savaliya G; Vidanlage MD; Subedi A; Al-Dubai A; Folz J
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI SYST IEEE
   INT CONF SMART CITY IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABILITY SENS CLOUD BIG DATA SYST
   APPL IEEE INT CONF EMBED SOFTW SYST HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS/ICESS
PY 2025
AB As smart cities increasingly rely on digital infrastructure to optimize
   energy use, electricity consumption data from households and buildings
   becomes a valuable resource for planning and grid management.  However,
   frequent and detailed collection of such data raises serious privacy
   concerns, as it may reveal sensitive information about user behavior and
   daily routines.  Traditional cloud-based machine learning solutions often
   require continuous data transmission, increasing the risk of data leakage or
   misuse.  Tiny machine learning (TinyML) offers a promising alternative by
   enabling electricity consumption prediction directly on resource-constrained
   edge devices such as smart meters.  By processing data locally, TinyML
   allows for accurate short-term forecasting without transmitting raw energy
   usage data to central systems.  For instance, a TinyML model can predict the
   next two hours' electricity usage, such as 4.8 kW, and only send this single
   value to the Smart Building System, significantly reducing the data
   footprint and limiting exposure of personal information.  To protect even
   these limited prediction outputs, we integrate homomorphic encryption (HE)
   into the TinyML framework.  This allows encrypted predictions to be
   transmitted and processed without decryption, preventing leakage of
   sensitive consumption patterns.  We evaluated this approach using the CU-
   BEMS dataset.  The model achieved a root mean squared error (RMSE) of 1.8034
   kW, a mean absolute error (MAE) of 1.3163 kW, and a mean absolute percentage
   error (MAPE) of 16.54%, demonstrating robust predictive accuracy.  The
   quantized model achieved a 70% reduction in size with minimal accuracy loss,
   making it suitable for TinyML deployment.  The combination of edge-based
   TinyML and HE provides a secure and scalable solution for electricity usage
   forecasting, enabling privacy-preserving energy management in smart city
   environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE electricity consumption forecasting; encrypted inference; ho-momorphic
   encryption; smart cities; tiny machine learning
ID behavioral research; data communication systems; data reduction; electric
   load forecasting; electric power utilization; information leakage;
   information management; intelligent buildings; learning systems; machine
   learning; mean square error; privacy-preserving techniques; sensitive data;
   electricity consumption forecasting; electricity load forecasting;
   electricity usage; electricity consumption; encrypted inference; ho-
   momorphic encryptions; homomorphic-encryptions; machine learning; privacy-
   preserving; tiny machine learning; smart city

---

UT 280
AR Garavagno AM, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1263 LNEE, P407, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-71518-1_48
TI Supporting in-Sensor Computing with Hardware-Aware Neural Architecture
   Search
AU Garavagno AM; Ragusa E/1; Zunino R; Frisoli A; Gastaldo P
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Hardware-aware neural architecture search (HW-NAS) is a powerful tool for
   the automatic design of tiny neural architectures able to fit the tight
   memory constraints of commodity electronics, like microcontroller units
   (MCU). However, new sensors equipped with neural processing units (NPUs) are
   reaching the market.  In contrast to common MCUs, NPUs often do not feature
   the traditional division of the memory constraint between RAM and Flash
   usage.  This is an issue for state-of-the-art HW-NAS, which are designed to
   fit the two constraints distinctly.  This work proposes a novel HW-NAS for
   designing tiny Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) that can effectively
   deal with NPUs, achieving state-of-the-art results in just 5 h and 48 min on
   the Visual Wake Words dataset, a tinyML benchmark.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE hardware-aware neural architecture search; in-sensor computing; tinyml
ID benchmarking; integrated circuit design; memory architecture; memory-
   management units; microcontrollers; automatic design; hardware-aware neural
   architecture search; in-sensor computing; memory constraints; neural
   architectures; neural-processing; processing units; sensor computing; state
   of the art; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 281
AR Almaini A, 2025, INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN MECHATRONICS ENG ICECCME, DOI
   10.1109/ICECCME64568.2025.11277514
TI TinyML for Acoustic Anomaly Detection in IoT Sensor Networks
AU Almaini A; Folz J; Ashour G
TC 0
SO INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN MECHATRONICS ENG ICECCME
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning enables real-time, energyefficient data processing
   directly on microcontrollers, making it ideal for Internet of Things sensor
   networks.  This paper presents a compact TinyML pipeline for detecting
   anomalies in environmental sound within IoT sensor networks.  Acoustic
   monitoring in IoT systems can enhance safety and context awareness, yet
   cloud-based processing introduces challenges related to latency, power
   usage, and privacy.  Our pipeline addresses these issues by extracting Mel
   Frequency Cepstral Coefficients from sound signals and training a
   lightweight neural network classifier optimized for deployment on edge
   devices.  The model was trained and evaluated using the UrbanSound8K
   dataset, achieving a test accuracy of 91% and balanced F1-scores of 0.91
   across both normal and anomalous sound classes.  These results demonstrate
   the feasibility and reliability of embedded acoustic anomaly detection for
   scalable and responsive IoT deployments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE acoustic anomaly detection; edge computing; internet of things; sensor
   networks; tiny machine learning
ID acoustic measuring instruments; anomaly detection; edge computing; learning
   systems; machine learning; sensor networks; signal processing; statistical
   tests; acoustic anomalies; acoustic anomaly detection; anomaly detection;
   edge computing; energy efficient; environmental sounds; machine learning;
   real- time; sensors network; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 282
AR Kwon J, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app15031056
TI MAIL: Micro-Accelerator-in-the-Loop Framework for MCU Integrated Accelerator
   Peripheral Fast Prototyping
AU Kwon J; Park D/1
TC 0
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB The resource-constrained MCU-based platform is unable to use high-
   performance accelerators such as GPUs or servers due to insufficient
   resources for ML applications.  We define a Micro-Accelerator (MA) that can
   accelerate ML operations by being connected to the on-chip bus peripheral of
   the MCU core.  ML applications using general-purpose accelerators have a
   well-equipped SDK environment, making design and verification flow
   straightforward.  In contrast, MA must be connected to the MCU core and on-
   chip bus interface within the chip.  However, evaluating the interaction
   between the MCU core and an MA is challenging, as it requires the MA to
   connect with the core and the on-chip bus interface during target software
   execution.  The cost of fabricating physical MA hardware is enormous,
   compounded by licensing issues with commercial cores.  We propose a MA-in-
   the-loop (MAIL) framework that integrates a custom-designed MA into an
   emulation platform.  This platform enables virtual execution by loading
   software onto the MCU, allowing observation of hardware-software
   interactions during ML execution.  The proposed framework in this paper is a
   mixture of software that can emulate the environment in which general ML
   applications run on the MCU and RTL simulations to profile the acceleration
   on the MA. To evaluate the flow of ML software execution and performance
   changes according to the various architectures of MA in the framework, the
   MA can be reconfigured at runtime to explore the design space.  To benchmark
   our proposed framework, we compared TinyML application profiles to the pure
   software execution.  Experimental results show that the MA-accelerated
   framework performs comparably to actual MCUs, validating the efficacy of the
   proposed approach.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE accelerator; embedded-system; microcontroller unit ( mcu ); system emulator;
   tiny machine learning
ID benchmarking; hardware-in-the-loop simulation; mice ( computer peripherals
   ); microcontrollers; bus interfaces; embedded-system; fast prototyping;
   machine learning; microcontroller unit; on-chip bus; software execution;
   system emulator; tiny machine learning; computer software selection and
   evaluation

---

UT 283
AR MacHetti S, 2025, IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD, DOI
   10.1109/ICCAD66269.2025.11240841
TI Invited Paper: FEMU: An Open-Source and Configurable Emulation Framework for
   Prototyping TinyAI Heterogeneous Systems
AU MacHetti S; Kasap D; Sapriza J; Alvarez RR; Taji H; Miranda J; Peon-Quiros
   M; Atienza D
TC 0
SO IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD
PY 2025
AB In this paper, we present the new FPGA EMUlation (FEMU), an open-source and
   configurable emulation framework for prototyping and evaluating TinyAI
   heterogeneous systems (HS). FEMU leverages the capability of system-on-chip
   (SoC)-based FPGAs to combine the under-development HS implemented in a
   reconfigurable hardware region (RH) for quick prototyping with a software
   environment running under a standard operating system in a control software
   region (CS) for supervision and communication.  To evaluate our approach, we
   built the X-HEEP FPGA EMUlation (X-HEEP-FEMU) platform by instantiating the
   proposed framework with real-world hardware and software components.
   X-HEEP-FEMU is deployed on the Xilinx Zynq-7020 SoC and integrates the
   eXtendible Heterogeneous Energy Efficient Platform (X-HEEP) host in the RH,
   a Linux-based Python environment on the ARM Cortex-A9 CS, and energy models
   derived from a TSMC 65 nm CMOS silicon implementation of X-HEEP, called
   HEEPocrates.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE configurable; exploration; fpga; framework; open source; tiny ai; ultra-low-
   power
ID computer operating systems; energy efficiency; open source software; open
   systems; programmable logic controllers; reconfigurable hardware; software
   prototyping; system-on-chip; configurable; emulation framework; fpga
   emulation; framework; heterogeneous systems; open source; reconfigurable;
   systems-on-chip; tiny ai; ultra-low power; field programmable gate arrays (
   fpga )

---

UT 285
AR Xu Y/1, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT ENG ICAICE, P562, DOI
   10.1109/ICAICE68195.2025.11382541
TI A Generalized TinyML Workflow for Energy-Efficient Hand Gesture Recognition
   on ESP32S3
AU Xu Y/1; Zhu C; Wang Y/4
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT ENG ICAICE
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) enables deep neural network inference
   directly on ultra-low-power microcontrollers, making it attractive for
   always-on human-computer interaction.  This paper presents a complete and
   reproducible TinyML workflow for real-time hand gesture recognition on the
   Seeed XIAO ESP32S3. The workflow covers data collection, model design,
   quantization-aware training, pruning, on-device deployment with TensorFlow
   Lite Micro, and power/latency profiling on actual hardware.  Using a compact
   convolutional neural network (TinyCNN) that is quantized to 8-bit integers,
   the system achieves 93.6% classification accuracy on three common gestures
   (OK, Fist, Open), with 180 ms end-to-end inference latency on the ESP32S3
   running at 80 MHz.  Peak active power during inference is approximately 280
   mW, and by duty-cycling the sensing and inference loop the long-term average
   budget can be kept below 10 mW. Model compression (quantization + structured
   pruning) reduces memory footprint from 1.2 MB down to 240 KB and lowers the
   energy per inference from 74 mJ to 42 mJ with only a minor accuracy drop.
   We further demonstrate portability to another MCU platform (nRF52840) with
   modest accuracy and latency degradation, highlighting generality of the
   workflow.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; energy efficiency; esp32s3; gesture recognition; quantization;
   tinyml
ID budget control; convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; human
   computer interaction; learning systems; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; palmprint recognition; edge ai; energy; energy efficient;
   esp32s3; gestures recognition; hand gesture recognition; machine learning;
   quantization; tiny machine learning; work-flows; energy efficiency; gesture
   recognition

---

UT 287
AR Sharma A/1, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, DOI
   10.1109/TITS.2025.3589570
TI Redesigning Transportation Cyber-Physical Systems: Enhancing Connectivity
   and Bolstering Security Using TinyML
AU Sharma A/1; Rani S
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB The rapid evolution of Transportation Cyber-Physical Systems (TCPS)
   necessitates secure, efficient, and real-time data processing capabilities
   to support autonomous and intelligent transportation networks.  However,
   existing machine learning-based security frameworks face significant
   challenges, including limited computational resources, data scarcity for
   model training, and evolving cybersecurity threats.  To address these
   challenges, we propose a novel TinyML-driven security framework optimized
   for resource-constrained IoT edge devices within TCPS. Our approach
   integrates Few-shot Transfer Learning to enhance model adaptability and
   improve anomaly detection accuracy, even with limited labeled data.  The
   core of our framework is DenseCapsNet, a hybrid deep learning model that
   combines DenseNet (for efficient feature propagation) and Capsule Networks
   (for hierarchical spatial feature representation), significantly improving
   cyber threat detection while preserving computational efficiency.
   Additionally, we incorporate adversarial training and privacy-preserving
   techniques to enhance resilience against sophisticated cyber threats,
   ensuring secure data transmission and model robustness.  The proposed
   framework leverages 6G-enabled ultra-reliable low-latency communication
   (URLLC) to facilitate secure, real-time data exchange across autonomous
   vehicle networks, overcoming latency and connectivity constraints.
   Extensive experiments demonstrate that our TinyML-optimized DenseCapsNet
   model achieves 99.72% accuracy, 99.7% F1-score, and 99.4% recall,
   significantly outperforming state-of-the-art models such as GoogleNet,
   HybridNet, and MobileResNet in TCPS security applications.  By bridging the
   gap between efficiency, security, and real-time adaptability, our work
   contributes a highly scalable, energy-efficient, and privacy-preserving AI
   solution tailored for next-generation intelligent transportation systems,
   addressing critical security and computational constraints in real-world
   TCPS environments.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE 6g; security; tcps; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; computational efficiency; cyber-physical system;
   cybersecurity; data communication systems; data transfer; deep learning;
   intelligent systems; intelligent vehicle highway systems; labeled data;
   learning systems; network security; privacy-preserving techniques; transfer
   learning; vehicle to vehicle communications; 6g; cybe-physical systems;
   cyber threats; cyber-physical systems; efficient time; privacy-preserving;
   security; security frameworks; tinyml; transportation cybe-physical system;
   embedded systems

---

UT 289
AR Costa M, 2025, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V12, P44642, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2025.3600300
TI SecureQNN: Shielding the Intellectual Property of QNNs in TinyML Systems
AU Costa M; Gomes T; Pinto S
TC 0
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2025
AB Building accurate machine learning (ML) models requires substantial
   expertise and large-scale datasets typically only available in big data
   companies.  These companies have been selling their models as ML as a
   Service.  However, concerns about data privacy and the appliance of ML in
   mission-critical scenarios are forcing ML computation to move from the cloud
   to the deep edge, near sensor data.  If edge ML increases user data privacy
   and makes decision latency predictable, deploying proprietary ML models on
   untrusted edge devices may harm the intellectual property of service
   provider.  A natural response to this issue comes from trusted execution
   environments (TEEs), which provide hardware-based security.  However,
   adapting ML computation to the constraints of TEEs remains an open
   challenge.  In this article, we propose SecureQNN, a framework that
   leverages state-of-the-art TEE technology (TrustZone-M) available in Arm
   Cortex-M microcontrollers to increase the protection of quantized neural
   networks (QNNs) against unauthorized replication.  SecureQNN evaluates which
   layers lessen the effort of an attacker when building a surrogate QNN with
   the same accuracy.  The layers making the attacker spend less training
   epochs than the owner training from scratch are stored and executed in the
   secure-world of the TEE. Experiments demonstrate that SecureQNN undermines
   the cost-benefit of unauthorized QNN replication by isolating 51%–65% of the
   model size while incurring a worst-case decision latency overhead of only
   0.06%. Although SecureQNN has broader applicability, the negligible impact
   on decision latency and its deterministic behavior highlight the suitability
   of SecureQNN for mission-critical and real-time applications.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE arm cortex-m; machine learning ( ml ) privacy; quantized neural networks (
   qnns ); tinyml; trusted execution environment ( tee ); trustzone
ID arm processors; behavioral research; big data; data privacy; hardware
   security; intellectual property; learning systems; machine learning; network
   security; neural networks; arm cortex-m; arm cortices; machine learning
   privacy; machine learning; neural networks; property; quantized neural
   network; tinyml; trusted execution environments; trustzone; cost benefit
   analysis

---

UT 291
AR Thota YR, 2025, PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI, P911, DOI
   10.1145/3716368.3735272
TI TinyML Enabled Real-Time Bearing Fault Classification in Motors Using
   Vibration Signals
AU Thota YR; Afshar M; Boden S; Dunlap B; Akin B; Nikoubin T
TC 0
SO PROC ACM LAKES SYMP VLSI GLSVLSI
PY 2025
AB Distributed bearing faults, unlike localized defects, produce irregular and
   non-stationary vibration patterns that challenge conventional diagnostic
   methods.  This work presents a lightweight, edge-deployable TinyML framework
   for real-time classification of such faults using raw x, y, z-axis vibration
   signals collected at 3000 RPM under five load conditions (0%-100%). Both
   feature-engineered and raw-signal approaches were evaluated.  A 1D
   Convolutional Neural Network (1D-CNN) trained on raw signals achieved 99.36%
   accuracy, significantly outperforming a Deep Neural Network (DNN) trained on
   time-domain and spectral features.  The system classifies six fault
   conditions - healthy, lubrication failure, contamination, flaking,
   electrical erosion, and composite faults - demonstrating robustness even
   across varying fault severities.  Deployment on microcontrollers using Edge
   Impulse into Microcontrollers resulted in low-latency (30 ms) and low-memory
   (29.3 KB RAM, 69.7 KB flash) inference, confirming its suitability for
   Industrial IoT (IIoT) environments.  This research validates the strength of
   raw signal-based learning and highlights the potential of TinyML for
   scalable, real-time, and autonomous diagnostics in embedded motor health
   monitoring systems.Figure 1:Experimental test setup implemented in the
   laboratory.  For data collection using (ADXL354C) [1] © 2025 Copyright held
   by the owner/author(s).
DE 1d convolutional neural network ( 1d-cnn ); deep learning; distributed
   bearing faults; embedded systems; fault diagnosis; industrial iot ( iiot );
   low power edge deployment; motor health monitoring; tinyml; triaxial
   vibration
ID computer aided diagnosis; convolution; convolutional neural networks; deep
   neural networks; distributed computer systems; electric fault currents;
   failure analysis; fault detection; interactive computer systems; learning
   systems; real-time systems; safety engineering; signal processing; 1d
   convolutional neural network; bearing fault; convolutional neural network;
   deep learning; distributed bearing fault; embedded-system; faults diagnosis;
   health monitoring; industrial iot; low power; low power edge deployment;
   motor health monitoring; tinyml; triaxial vibrations; embedded systems

---

UT 294
AR Medeiros M, 2025, EVOL SYST, V16, DOI 10.1007/s12530-025-09745-2
TI Evolving online clustering for real-time driver behavior analysis in IoT-
   enabled vehicles
AU Medeiros M; Silva M; Silva I
TC 0
SO EVOL SYST
PY 2025
AB The increasing integration of Internet of Things (IoT) technologies into
   modern vehicles has enabled real-time access to driving data.  However,
   analyzing this information in embedded environments remains challenging due
   to the continuous nature of the data streams and the limited computational
   resources available.  This study addresses these constraints by proposing an
   evolving online clustering approach for real-time monitoring of driver
   behavior.  The proposed method integrates Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   techniques with soft sensors derived from physical data captured via on-
   board diagnostics (OBD-II). Central to the system is the MMCloud algorithm,
   which incrementally updates clusters without requiring retraining, enabling
   adaptation to concept drift and evolving driving conditions.  The
   methodology involves the real-time acquisition of vehicle signals, including
   speed, RPM, engine load, and throttle position, followed by the calculation
   of a soft-sensor metric known as radar area.  The algorithm was deployed on
   a Freematics One+ device and validated through case studies conducted in
   varied urban driving conditions.  The results indicate that the system can
   classify driver behavior into cautious, normal, and aggressive categories,
   achieving Silhouette Scores up to 0.83 and maintaining execution times
   between 600–700 in most cases.  These findings suggest that the approach is
   suitable for embedded applications requiring adaptive, real-time behavior
   analysis.  © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer-Verlag GmbH
   Germany, part of Springer Nature 2025.
DE adaptive machine learning; driver behavior analysis; evolving systems;
   incremental clustering; iot; tinyml
ID behavioral research; clustering algorithms; data streams; driver training;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; vehicles; adaptive
   machine learning; driver behavior analysis; driver behavior; driving
   conditions; evolving systems; incremental clustering; machine learning;
   online-clustering; soft sensors; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 295
AR Dias JL, 2025, INT SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT, DOI
   10.1109/SIoT68426.2025.11368786
TI Tiny machine learning for real-time defect detection on metallic surfaces
AU Dias JL; Bezerra PHA; Rego RCB; Machado TH
TC 0
SO INT SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT
PY 2025
AB Automated detection of metallic surface defects has increasingly become
   essential for industrial quality control and safety.  In this work, we
   evaluate the balance between deep learning model capabilities and hardware
   performance for realtime defect detection on a resource-constrained edge
   device.  We implemented the MobileNet version 2 on a 32-bit ARM Cortex-M4
   CPU to detect scratches on metallic surfaces.  Hyperparameters, including
   learning rate, number of neurons, and dropout rate, were varied to assess
   their impact on the model's metrics, as well as the hardware's usage and
   inference time.  Results demonstrate model and hardware trade-offs, with the
   best configuration providing 100% accuracy, recall, and F1-score, in
   addition to 987 ms of inference time and 547.50 KB of flash usage.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE defect detection; edge ai; metallic surface; tinyml
ID computer hardware; deep learning; learning systems; nanotechnology; quality
   control; surface defects; surface measurement; automated detection; defect
   detection; edge ai; hardware performance; industrial quality; learning
   models; machine learning; metallic surface; real- time; tinyml; economic and
   social effects

---

UT 296
AR Jin X, 2025, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V71, P12137, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2025.3614990
TI Mamba-Enhanced Emotion Analysis TinyML Models for Embedded Devices
   Deployment
AU Jin X; Khan S; Hosseinzadeh M; Kumar N/2; Wu X
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2025
AB The accuracy of emotion analysis has rapidly improved thanks to the
   breakthroughs of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and Transformers.
   Moreover, the multi-head self-attention (MSA) mechanism of Transformer
   perfectly fits the modeling of the dependency relationship between
   expressions and different facial regions.  However, CNNs struggle to capture
   global dependencies, and Transformers’ quadratic complexity poses a big
   challenge to deploy on low-power devices.  To resolve these issues, we
   design a robust and efficient hybrid Tiny machine learning (TinyML) model
   named HCMTMM for emotion recognition in ultra-low-power embedded devices.
   Specifically, we propose a hybrid deep model by combining a CNN and Mamba
   module, which relies on the state space models (SSM) framework, which can
   effectively exploit the local and global dependencies of different facial
   regions to enhance emotional recognition performance with linear
   computational complexity.  Moreover, we leverage multi-loss distillation
   learning to enhance recognition performance.  We conducted extensive
   comparative experiments on four publicly available datasets, and the
   experimental results showed that when running the family of CNNs, our
   proposed solution outperforms any other implementation in terms of accuracy
   and model size.  Moreover, we port and test the proposed model on the
   embedded device ESP32 Cam platform.  Our proposed model achieves remarkable
   results in inference speed.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE distillation learning; esp32 cam platform; facial expression recognition;
   mamba; tiny machine learning
ID behavioral research; cams; convolutional neural networks; emotion
   recognition; face recognition; learning systems; machine learning;
   psychology computing; speech recognition; state space methods; convolutional
   neural network; distillation learning; embedded device; emotion analysis;
   esp32 cam platform; facial expression recognition; machine learning models;
   machine learning; mamba; tiny machine learning; distillation

---

UT 297
AR Schrauth M, 2025, APPL SCI, V15, DOI 10.3390/app152312615
TI Self-Organized Neural Network Inference in Dynamic Edge Networks
AU Schrauth M; Thome M; Ohlenforst T; Kreyß F
TC 0
SO APPL SCI
PY 2025
AB Inference of large machine learning models can quickly exceed the
   capabilities of edge devices in terms of performance, memory or energy
   consumption.  When offloading computations to a cloud server is not possible
   or feasible, for instance, due to data sovereignty concerns or latency
   constraints, a solution can be to distribute the inference load across
   multiple devices in a local edge network.  We propose an approach which is
   capable of orchestrating multi-stage inference tasks in a mobile ad-hoc
   network consisting of heterogeneous devices in a self-organized and fully
   distributed manner.  As individual edge devices may be battery-powered and
   volatile, the framework ensures a high degree of reliability even in dynamic
   environments.  In particular, new nodes are automatically and seamlessly
   integrated into the ensemble, rendering the approach highly scalable.
   Moreover, resilience against spontaneous node dropouts or connection
   failures is implemented through adaptive task rerouting.  Finally, by
   enabling complex inference tasks to be processed in small segments on the
   most suitable hardware available in the network, the ensemble is able to
   attain considerable pipelining performance and energy efficiency.  © 2025 by
   the authors.
DE ad-hoc networks; deep learning; edge computing; inference; manet; task
   orchestration; tiny machine learning
ID energy efficiency; energy utilization; green computing; learning systems;
   mobile ad-hoc networks; mobile edge computing; neural networks; ad-hoc
   networks; deep learning; edge computing; edge networks; inference; machine
   learning; manets; performance; task orchestration; tiny machine learning;
   deep learning

---

UT 298
AR Teng L, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70105
TI Content Delivery Network Driven Audio Recognition for Enhancing English
   Interaction Scenarios
AU Teng L
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB The growing demand for real-time multilingual speech interaction systems
   poses significant challenges in terms of latency, scalability, and
   contextual accuracy.  Conventional cloud-based solutions suffer from high
   delays, while edge devices lack computational resources for complex models.
   Static CDN configurations further exacerbate regional resource
   underutilization, and existing systems achieve relatively lower intent
   accuracy in multilingual scenarios.  To address these limitations, we
   propose a three-tier framework integrating predictive CDN and a lightweight
   tiny machine learning-based audio recognition on which the multi-attention
   is introduced for context-aware English interaction scenarios.  In
   particular, the LSTM model is leveraged to implement the on-device fine-
   tuning and context-aware so as to achieve well interactions.  The
   experimental results demonstrate that TinyLSTM achieves superior performance
   with an error rate of 14.2% and an intent accuracy of 89.7%, while
   maintaining the lowest latency at 23 ms, making it highly effective for
   real-time applications on edge devices.  Additionally, incorporating
   quantization, knowledge graphs, and emotion feedback progressively improves
   model effectiveness and increases engagement scores to 4.9, highlighting the
   importance of these components in enhancing both technical accuracy and user
   interaction quality.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE audio-recognition; content delivery network; english interaction
   enhancement; tiny machine learning
ID emotion recognition; knowledge graph; learning systems; machine learning;
   speech communication; speech recognition; user interfaces; audio-
   recognition; content delivery network; context-aware; english interaction
   enhancement; growing demand; interaction systems; machine learning; real-
   time; speech interaction; tiny machine learning; real-time systems

---

UT 300
AR C A, 2025, ENG, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.rineng.2025.108013
TI TinyML-based intrusion detection systems for sustainable and energy-
   constrained IoT devices
AU C A; R V; M M; R AC
TC 0
SO ENG
PY 2025
AB With the exponential growth of the Internet of Things (IoT), ensuring real-
   time security in energy-constrained and environmentally sensitive
   environments has become a significant challenge.  Traditional Intrusion
   Detection Systems (IDS), though effective, are often resource-intensive and
   unsuitable for deployment on low-power edge devices.  This research explores
   the potential of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to provide lightweight, on-
   device intelligence for threat detection.  Research proposes a Gradient
   Boosting Based Adaptive Artificial Gorilla Troops (GraBoost-AAGT), which
   combines Adaptive Artificial Gorilla Troops Optimization (AAGTO) and Extreme
   Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), optimized for ultra-low power consumption and
   memory efficiency.  Preprocessing involves categorical encoding and Z-score
   normalization, followed by Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to extract relevant
   frequency-domain features.  Specifically designed for embedded IoT systems,
   this model, referred to as GraBoost-AAGT, supports real-time detection of
   cyber threats, such as denial-of-service and probing attacks, while
   maintaining minimal central processing unit (CPU) and energy overhead.  To
   evaluate performance, network traffic data encompassing both normal and
   malicious activities is collected using IoT intrusion detection dataset,
   traffic simulators, and replay tools under controlled attack and non-attack
   scenarios.  Results demonstrate that GraBoost-AAGT deployed via TinyML
   achieves a high detection accuracy (99.50 %), precision (99.8 %), recall
   (99.12 %), F1-score (99.45 %), specificity (99.81 %), and computation time
   (4.5 s), reduced energy consumption, and lower CPU usage compared to
   traditional edge-based ML models.  These findings confirm that TinyML offers
   a viable and sustainable solution for deploying intelligent threat detection
   in smart and green IoT ecosystems.  This research provides a foundational
   step toward secure, scalable, and environmentally responsible IoT security
   frameworks.  Copyright © 2025. Published by Elsevier B.V.
DE energy efficient; gradient boosting based adaptive artificial gorilla troops
   ( graboost-aagt ) intrusion detection system ( ids ); internet of things (
   iot ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID adaptive boosting; denial-of-service attack; energy utilization; green
   computing; internet of things; intrusion detection; learning systems;
   machine learning; network security; energy efficient; energy-constrained;
   gradient boosting; gradient boosting based adaptive artificial gorilla troop
   intrusion detection system; internet of thing; intrusion detection systems;
   machine learning; processing units; threat detection; tiny machine learning;
   fast fourier transforms

---

UT 301
AR Bochem S, 2025, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE, DOI
   10.23919/DATE64628.2025.10992712
TI Distributed Inference with Minimal Off-Chip Traffic for Transformers on Low-
   Power MCUs
AU Bochem S; Jung VJB; Prasad AS; Conti F; Benini L
TC 0
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2025
AB Contextual Artificial Intelligence (AI) based on emerging Transformer models
   is predicted to drive the next technology revolution in interactive wearable
   devices such as new-generation smart glasses.  By coupling numerous sensors
   with small, low-power Micro-Controller Units (MCUs), these devices will
   enable on-device intelligence and sensor control.  A major bottleneck in
   this class of systems is the small amount of on-chip memory available in the
   MCUs.  In this paper, we propose a methodology to deploy real-world
   Transformers on low-power wearable devices with minimal off-chip traffic
   exploiting a distributed system of MCUs, partitioning inference across
   multiple devices and enabling execution with stationary on-chip weights.  We
   validate the scheme by deploying the TinyLlama-42M decoder-only model on a
   system of 8 parallel ultra-low-power MCUs.  The distributed system achieves
   an energy consumption of 0.64 mJ, a latency of 0.54 ms per inference, a
   super-linear speedup of 26.1 x, and an Energy Delay Product (EDP)
   improvement of 27.2 x, compared to a single-chip system.  On MobileBERT, the
   distributed system's runtime is 38.8 ms, with a super-linear 4.7 × speedup
   when using 4 MCUs compared to a single-chip system.  © 2025 EDAA.
DE multi-chip systems; tinyml; transformer models
ID cluster computing; chip system; distributed systems; low power;
   microcontroller units; multi-chip system; off-chip; single-chip; tinyml;
   transformer modeling; wearable devices; microcontrollers

---

UT 302
AR Cioflan C, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11229151
TI NanoHydra: Energy-Efficient Time-Series Classification at the Edge
AU Cioflan C; Fonseca J; Wang X/1; Benini L
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Time series classification (TSC) on extreme edge devices represents a
   stepping stone towards intelligent sensor nodes that preserve user privacy
   and offer real-time predictions.  Resource-constrained devices require
   efficient TinyML algorithms that prolong the device lifetime of battery-
   operated devices without compromising the classification accuracy.  We
   introduce NanoHydra, a TinyML TSC methodology relying on lightweight binary
   random convolutional kernels to extract meaningful features from data
   streams.  We demonstrate our system on the ultra-low-power GAP9
   microcontroller, exploiting its eight-core cluster for the parallel
   execution of computationally intensive tasks.  We achieve a classification
   accuracy of up to 94.47% on ECG5000 dataset, comparable with state-of-the-
   art works.  Our efficient NanoHydra requires only 0.33 ms to accurately
   classify a 1-second long ECG signal.  With a modest energy consumption of
   7.69 μJ per inference, 18× more efficient than the state-of-the-art,
   NanoHydra is suitable for smart wearable devices, enabling a device lifetime
   of over four years.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE eeg; low power microcontrollers; random convolutional kernels; time series
   classification; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); convolution; data streams;
   electrocardiography; energy efficiency; microcontrollers; time series;
   wearable technology; classification accuracy; convolutional kernel; device
   lifetime; efficient time; energy efficient; low power microcontrollers;
   random convolutional kernel; state of the art; time series classifications;
   tinyml; energy utilization

---

UT 303
AR Reis T, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1637 LNNS, P67, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-032-05994-9_7
TI Time Series-Based Electrical Device Classification on Edge with TinyML
AU Reis T; Naskali AT
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB Time series classification (TSC) is crucial for edge computing and IoT,
   enabling intelligent decision-making in resource-constrained environments.
   Traditional electrical device classification methods, such as Non-Intrusive
   Load Monitoring (NILM), rely on handcrafted features and centralized
   processing, leading to latency, high computational costs, and privacy
   concerns.  This study introduces a TinyML-based deep learning framework for
   real-time electrical device classification directly on edge devices.  By
   leveraging lightweight neural networks, our approach eliminates the need for
   manual feature extraction while ensuring energy efficiency, scalability, and
   low-power execution on microcontrollers.  TinyML’s ability to run deep
   learning models locally minimizes cloud dependency, reduces inference
   latency, and enhances data privacy.  To validate our approach, we
   constructed a custom time series dataset capturing detailed power
   consumption patterns.  Experimental results indicate that TinyML-powered
   classification achieves robust, efficient, and real-time performance in
   edge-based TSC. These findings position TinyML as a scalable and energy-
   efficient alternative for edge-based TSC, effectively addressing NILM’s
   limitations while unlocking new possibilities in real-time intelligent
   computing on embedded systems.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE edge ai; signal processing; time series classification; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); data privacy; decision making; deep
   learning; edge computing; embedded systems; energy efficiency; green
   computing; intelligent computing; low power electronics; real-time systems;
   time series; device classifications; edge ai; edge-based; electrical
   devices; non-intrusive load monitoring; real- time; signal processing; time
   series classifications; times series; tinyml; signal processing

---

UT 305
AR Paiva Alencar F, 2025, PROC INT WORK RAPID SYST PROTOTYP SHORTENING PATH
   SPECIF PROTOTYP RSP, P29, DOI 10.1145/3768617.3770731
TI ADAM: ADAptive Microcontroller Platform for Edge AI Systems
AU Paiva Alencar F; Romdhane A; Lovison Franco B; Guilhot Y; Miquel J; Soriano
   T/1; Novo D; Benoit P
TC 0
SO PROC INT WORK RAPID SYST PROTOTYP SHORTENING PATH SPECIF PROTOTYP RSP
PY 2025
AB Modern edge computing systems must balance performance and energy efficiency
   under constrained power budgets.  We present ADAM (ADAptive
   Microcontroller), an open-source and parametric RISC-V platform designed to
   explore architectural and software-level mechanisms for energy-Aware
   embedded computing.  ADAM supports heterogeneous cores organized into
   separate low-power and high-performance domains, enabling partitioned
   execution across a range of workload intensities.  The platform introduces
   the Activity Pause Protocol, a software-driven interface for coordinating
   clock and power gating transitions, and includes a hybrid evaluation flow
   that combines FPGA execution with post-synthesis RTL simulation using
   execution context snapshotting.  We demonstrate ADAM's capabilities with a
   keyword spotting use case, highlighting how domain separation and
   programmable power management reduce energy consumption by up to 38% in
   intermittent workloads.  © 2025 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s).
   Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE edge computing; risc-v; tinyml
ID budget control; embedded systems; energy efficiency; energy utilization;
   green computing; microcontrollers; open source software; open systems; power
   management; simulation platform; software architecture; ai systems; balance
   energies; balance performance; computing system; edge computing;
   microcontroller platforms; power budgets; risc-v; tinyml; under-constrained;
   edge computing

---

UT 306
AR Kethineni KK, 2025, PROC - IEEE CONF ARTIF INTELL CAI, P358, DOI
   10.1109/CAI64502.2025.00065
TI Chroma-Sense: a Memory-Efficient Plant Leaf Disease Classification Model for
   Edge Devices
AU Kethineni KK; Wu SY; Mohanty SP; Kougianos E
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE CONF ARTIF INTELL CAI
PY 2025
AB CNN models used in disease management systems for disease detection are
   typically stored and executed on remote cloud servers, communicating with
   sensors over the internet.  This paradigm raises concerns about data
   security and reliability, especially in remote farmlands.  Edge computing
   introduces a computing layer closer to sensory nodes, enabling more reliable
   communication and faster results.  These edge devices are often resource
   constrained and cannot run CNN models that need high memory and computation.
   Since plant disease semantics are simple and consistent across channels,
   Chroma-Sense proposes processing the R, G, and B channels independently
   using the same feature extractor.  Individual processing reduces the width
   of the feature extractor, lowering RAM usage and number of computations
   performed.  In addition, reusing the same feature extractor minimizes the
   parameter count, the Flash memory required to store the model, enabling
   efficient edge deployment.  Proposed Chroma-Sense was trained on a subset of
   the PlantVillage dataset and achieved a 25% reduction in peak RAM usage and
   a 60% reduction in flash memory when tested on three different edge devices
   with varying heap and storage capacities.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; convolutional neural network ( cnn ); edge
   computing; semantics; smart agriculture; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; flash memory; plant diseases; plants ( botany
   ); random access storage; smart agriculture; % reductions; convolutional
   neural network; edge computing; efficient plants; feature extractor; memory
   efficient; neural network model; smart agricultures; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 308
AR Abu-Samah A, 2025, J TEKNOL, V87, P517, DOI
   10.11113/jurnalteknologi.v87.22539
TI INTELLIGENT PLASTIC BRAND AUDIT FOR EXTENDED PRODUCER RESPONSIBILITY
   INITIATIVES USING MACHINE LEARNING MODEL
AU Abu-Samah A; Abdullah NF; Saad MR; Lee XX; Loh LY; Seow WH; Tan SH; Wong WL;
   Nordin R
TC 0
SO J TEKNOL
PY 2025
AB The ever-growing volume of plastic waste poses a significant threat to
   global ecosystems.  Existing waste management systems often struggle with
   the identification and sorting of plastic waste due to limitations in the
   scalability and cost-effectiveness of smart technologies.  One key aspect of
   plastic waste mitigation is to enhance extended producer responsibility
   (EPR) capacity through plastic waste auditing.  While computer vision
   techniques have been explored for general waste sorting, there is a lack of
   research focused on automated brand identification within plastic waste.
   This paper proposes a novel Intelligent Plastic Brand Audit (IPBA) system
   leveraging TinyML with machine learning capabilities for resource-
   constrained edge devices.  The system utilizes a lightweight Faster Objects
   More Objects (FOMO) model trained on user-generated labelled photos and
   data.  The performance evaluation of FOMO for IPBA was performed on two
   hardware platforms: Arduino Nano BLE and ESP32-EYE-CAM. Across both
   configurations and with five plastic brand classes, the system achieves high
   accuracy, with a minimum F1 score of 93.5%. These results indicate the
   potential of IPBA to improve existing manual sorting systems and support
   circular economy initiatives.  By facilitating automated brand
   identification in plastic waste, IPBA can enhance EPR programs and hold
   brands accountable for their waste footprints.  © 2025 Penerbit UTM Press.
   All rights reserved.
DE faster objects more objects; fomo; machine learning; tinyml; waste brand
   audit; waste management

---

UT 310
AR Nazari N, 2025, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS56072.2025.11043898
TI Extended Operational Life for Wearable Health Devices: A Hybrid TinyML and
   Server-Side ML Approach
AU Nazari N; Patel V; Fang C; Rafatirad S; Homayoun H
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2025
AB Wearable devices equipped with sensors like ECG, PPG, and heart rate
   monitors are pivotal in health monitoring, yet they face significant
   challenges due to limited battery life, particularly when using complex
   machine learning (ML) models for continuous monitoring.  This paper explores
   an innovative approach to enhance energy efficiency in wearable health
   monitoring applications by integrating TinyML with advanced ML models.  We
   propose using energy-efficient TinyML models for initial binary
   classification to detect abnormalities in ECG signals.  Upon detecting an
   anomaly, the data is transmitted to a server where more complex ML models,
   perform detailed multi-label classification to identify specific conditions.
   Our methodology leverages event-driven software frameworks and adaptive data
   collection strategies to optimize power consumption, extending the
   operational life of wearable devices without sacrificing accuracy.  The
   proposed system is evaluated on several metrics, including accuracy,
   F1-score, energy consumption, and model latency.  Our findings demonstrate
   that the integration of TinyML can significantly extend battery life while
   maintaining high levels of accuracy and reliability in health monitoring,
   presenting a promising solution for long-term wearable device deployment.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
ID artificial intelligence; classification ( of information ); data accuracy;
   electrocardiography; energy utilization; green computing; learning systems;
   secondary batteries; wearable computers; wearable sensors; battery life;
   complex machines; continuous monitoring; health monitoring; heart-rate
   monitors; machine learning approaches; machine learning models; operational
   life; server sides; wearable devices; energy efficiency

---

UT 312
AR Eddabbah M, 2025, INT CONF INNOV ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS AIIT, DOI
   10.1109/AIIT63112.2025.11082780
TI Design of a Smart and Adaptive Wearable Device for Early Detection of
   Cardiovascular Abnormalities with Secure and Sustainable IoT Integration
AU Eddabbah M; Aitzaouiat C; Hachoumi N
TC 0
SO INT CONF INNOV ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS AIIT
PY 2025
AB Cardiovascular diseases are a leading cause of global morbidity and
   mortality, making early detection of abnormalities, such as arrhythmias,
   crucial for effective intervention.  This paper presents a wearable device
   design utilizing Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), optimized for resource-
   constrained devices, enabling on-board training and learning to reduce
   reliance on cloud processing and enhance real-time decision-making.  The
   system combines heart rate, accelerometer, and environmental sensors for
   continuous monitoring.  We compare three processing scenarios: cloud-based
   processing, traditional TinyML with pre-trained models, and on-board
   training and learning.  While the cloud-based system achieves the highest
   initial accuracy (0.94), it faces significant latency and high-power
   consumption.  The traditional TinyML model reduces latency but remains
   static, with an accuracy of 0.91. The proposed on-board training and
   learning system offers an initial accuracy of 0.88 but adapts over time,
   improving monitoring accuracy.  This approach provides faster inference
   speeds (125 ms) and lower energy consumption than cloud-based solutions.
   Additionally, it reduces environmental impact by eliminating cloud reliance.
   The results highlight that on-board learning with TinyML offers personalized
   health monitoring, improved accuracy, low power usage, and enhanced
   security, making it a sustainable, energy-efficient, and secure solution for
   real-time healthcare monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ehealth; environment; iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID decision making; diseases; electric power utilization; energy efficiency;
   environmental impact; green computing; machine learning; sustainable
   development; wearable computers; wearable sensors; cardiovascular disease;
   cloud-based; device design; ehealth; environment; iot; machine learning;
   tiny machine learning; wearable devices; integration; learning systems

---

UT 315
AR Celen AE, 2025, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
TI Demo: On-MCU Traffic Sign Recognition with TinyML
AU Celen AE; Zhu R; Wang Q
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2025
AB Real-time traffic sign recognition on microcontrollers (MCUs) introduces
   challenges due to MCUs’ limited memory and processing capacity.  In this
   demo, we introduce an efficient CNN called AykoNet with two variants for
   traffic sign recognition on MCUs: AykoNet-Lite, which prioritizes model size
   and inference latency, and AykoNet-Pro, which prioritizes classification
   accuracy.  We train AykoNet on the German Traffic Sign Recognition Benchmark
   (GTSRB) and specifically optimize it for deployment on the MCU Raspberry Pi
   Pico.  AykoNet-Lite delivers 94.6% accuracy with only a 36.8 KB model size
   and 55.34 ms inference time, while AykoNet-Pro achieves 95.9% accuracy with
   an 80.18 KB model size and 87.13 ms inference time.  In this demo, we
   demonstrate AykoNet’s running on th Raspberry Pi Pico MCU with an HM01B0
   camera, performing real-time traffic sign classification while reporting
   both the inference times and the confidence scores of each prediction.  ©
   2026, Junction Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE cnn; data augmentation; microcontrollers; tinyml; traffic sign recognition

---

UT 317
AR Albaiz A, 2025, BUILDSYS - PROC ACM INT CONF SYST ENERGY-EFFIC BUILD CITIES
   TRANSP, P355, DOI 10.1145/3736425.3772197
TI PhD Forum Abstract: TinyML-Based Edge Anomaly Detection for Energy-Efficient
   Appliance Monitoring in the Built Environment
AU Albaiz A
TC 0
SO BUILDSYS - PROC ACM INT CONF SYST ENERGY-EFFIC BUILD CITIES TRANSP
PY 2025
AB Appliances and building systems consume a large portion of total energy.
   Detecting anomalies in their operation can reduce energy waste and
   maintenance costs.  This Ph.D. work presents a TinyML-based edge learning
   framework for anomaly detection of appliance energy usage.  Using a low-cost
   current sensor and STM32 microcontroller unit (MCU), root mean square (RMS)
   current and timestamped data will be collected from a mini-fridge.
   Lightweight models, optimized for on-device deployment, are planned.  This
   work contributes to the BuildSys community by proposing a scalable, privacy-
   preserving approach for appliance-level monitoring and early fault detection
   to improve energy efficiency.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE anomaly detection; edge learning; energy efficiency; iot; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; data privacy; edge detection; embedded systems; fault
   detection; internet of things; machine learning; anomaly detection;
   appliance systems; building systems; built environment; edge learning;
   energy; energy efficient appliances; iot; tinyml; total energy; energy
   efficiency

---

UT 320
AR Gimnez NL, 2025, PROC EXP INT CONF EXPAT, P103, DOI
   10.1109/exp.at2565440.2025.11348263
TI A Two-Board Design for Interconnected Intelligence in Tiny IoT
AU Gimnez NL; Freitag F; Navarro L; Selimi M
TC 0
SO PROC EXP INT CONF EXPAT
PY 2025
AB Machine learning is nowadays used in tiny micro-controller boards, sometimes
   called TinyML. At the same time, LoRa Internet of Things (IoT) communication
   technology can now provide LoRa mesh network topologies that interconnect
   remote IoT devices.  Both tendencies, however, have not converged yet to
   combine the potential of both.  In this paper, we argue for a solution
   consisting of a two-board design as an architecture for interconnected ML-
   enabled IoT nodes in a LoRa mesh network.  A prototype of the architecture
   using the TTGO LoRa32 board as a network device and the Arduino Portenta H7
   as an application device is implemented as a case study to show the
   feasibility.  We analyze a federated learning protocol design to illustrate
   how distributed applications can interact within the proposed two-board node
   architecture.  We position the architecture with regard to several
   performance aspects and observe that the design delivers a separation of
   concerns by one board hosting the ML-application and the other providing an
   advanced network service to the application.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE federated learning; lora mesh network; tinyml
ID architecture; artificial intelligence; internet of things; learning systems;
   network architecture; software prototyping; board design; case-studies;
   communicationtechnology; lora mesh network; machine learning; mesh network
   topology; meshnetworks; microcontroller; network devices; tinyml; mesh
   generation; mesh networking

---

UT 321
AR Anowr EA, 2025, IEEE OPEN J COMMUN SOC, V6, P7091, DOI
   10.1109/OJCOMS.2025.3604282
TI F-IRAN: Performance Analysis of 6G Fog Intelligent Radio Access Network
AU Anowr EA; Nashaat M; Ismail MI; Mohamed MA; Fouda MM; Abdel-Atty HM
TC 0
SO IEEE OPEN J COMMUN SOC
PY 2025
AB The next generation of wireless systems–Sixth Generation (6G) and beyond–is
   expected to support ultra-massive connectivity through a dense composition
   of small- and micro-scale networks with high traffic loads.  To address the
   resulting demands for network flexibility, low-latency access, and energy-
   aware operation, conventional Radio Access Network (RAN) architectures
   require fundamental redesign.  This paper proposes a novel Fog-based
   Intelligent Radio Access Network (F-IRAN) architecture for 6G, integrating
   Artificial Intelligence (AI), Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), and Fog Radio
   Access Network (F-RAN) concepts across diverse deployment scenarios with
   varying numbers of Intelligent Remote Radio Heads (IRRHs).The proposed
   F-IRAN framework is realized through two deployment strategies: a
   virtualization-based design that leverages distributed computing resources
   to reduce power consumption and enhance energy efficiency, and a hardware
   separation-based design that embeds lightweight TinyML models at the fog
   layer to accelerate processing and reduce execution latency.  Simulation
   results confirm that both strategies outperform conventional F-RAN in key
   performance indicators.  The separation-based approach achieves Energy
   Efficiency (EE) gains of up to 70% and latency reductions exceeding 36%,
   while the virtualization-based approach delivers over 50% improvement in EE
   along with consistent Spectral Efficiency (SE) performance, even under
   varying IRRH densities and a latency reduction of roughly 11%. Compared to
   centralized architectures such as Cloud RAN (C-RAN) and Heterogeneous Cloud
   RAN (H-CRAN), F-IRAN significantly reduces execution delay by offloading
   computation to the network edge and alleviating fronthaul bottlenecks.
   Furthermore, when evaluated against recent architectures such as Open RAN
   (O-RAN) and Virtualized RAN (V-RAN), the proposed architecture demonstrates
   lower energy consumption and latency by avoiding coordination and
   virtualization overhead.  These findings validate F-IRAN as a scalable, low-
   latency, and energy-efficient solution for deployment in Beyond 5G (B5G) and
   6G network environments.  © 2025 The Authors.
DE 6g; ai; ee; f-ran; fog communications; irrh; latency; power consumption;
   ran; spectral efficiency; tinyml
ID cloud computing architecture; computer architecture; edge computing;
   electric power utilization; energy efficiency; fog; fog computing; green
   computing; learning systems; mobile telecommunication systems; network
   architecture; power management; radio; virtualization; 6g; energy; fog
   communication; fog radio access network; intelligent remote radio head;
   latency; machine learning; power; radio access networks; remote radio heads;
   spectral efficiencies; tiny machine learning; virtual reality

---

UT 328
AR Flores T, 2025, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA, DOI
   10.1109/ETFA65518.2025.11205761
TI Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks under TinyML Constraints: A Study on SoC
   Estimation for Electric Vehicles
AU Flores T; Medeiros M; Silva M; Costa DG; Silva I
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2025
AB Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) represent a promising machine learning
   architecture that leverages univariate functional decomposition to model
   complex phenomena using compact and interpretable structures.  These
   characteristics make KANs especially attractive for deployment in TinyML
   environments, where memory, processing power, and energy consumption are
   strictly constrained.  This paper evaluates the feasibility and trade-offs
   of using a KAN model to estimate the State of Charge (SoC) in electric
   vehicle batteries.  We design a KAN tailored for embedded systems and
   compare its performance with a conventional Multilayer Perceptron (MLP)
   baseline under identical training and deployment conditions.  Our evaluation
   includes predictive accuracy, training cost, model size, inference speed,
   and energy consumption on microcontrollers.  Results show that the KAN model
   achieves a nearly ten times smaller memory footprint than the MLP (693 bytes
   vs.  6807 bytes) and maintains comparable energy consumption and inference
   speed across different embedded platforms.  Although the MLP outperforms the
   KAN during training with faster convergence and lower energy requirements,
   the KAN demonstrates competitive predictive performance at inference time
   while significantly reducing deployment costs in terms of memory usage and
   energy efficiency at the edge.  Furthermore, the KAN model produces symbolic
   mathematical expressions, offering direct interpretability and facilitating
   analytical validation - a critical advantage for embedded battery
   diagnostics and safety-critical applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE electric vehicle batteries; embedded systems; kolmogorov-arnold networks;
   state of charge estimation; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID battery management systems; charging ( batteries ); economic and social
   effects; electric vehicles; energy efficiency; learning systems; machine
   learning; secondary batteries; electric vehicle batteries; embedded-system;
   energy-consumption; kolmogorov; kolmogorov-arnold network; machine learning;
   multilayers perceptrons; network models; state of charge estimation; tiny
   machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 329
AR Barovic A, 2025, PROC - IEEE ANNU COMPUT SOFTW APPL CONF COMPSAC, P1631, DOI
   10.1109/COMPSAC65507.2025.00220
TI TinyML for Speech Recognition
AU Barovic A; Moin A
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE ANNU COMPUT SOFTW APPL CONF COMPSAC
PY 2025
AB We train and deploy a quantized 1D convolutional neural network model to
   conduct speech recognition on a highly resource-constrained IoT edge device.
   This can be useful in various Internet of Things (IoT) applications, such as
   smart homes and ambient assisted living for the elderly and people with
   disabilities, just to name a few examples.  In this paper, we first create a
   new dataset with over one hour of audio data that enables our research and
   will be useful to future studies in this field.  Second, we utilize the
   technologies provided by Edge Impulse to enhance our model's performance and
   achieve a high Accuracy of up to 97% on our dataset.  For the validation, we
   implement our prototype using the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense microcontroller
   board.  This microcontroller board is specifically designed for IoT and AI
   applications, making it an ideal choice for our target use case scenarios.
   While most existing research focuses on a limited set of keywords, our model
   can process 23 different keywords, enabling complex commands.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE arduino; edge analytics; machine learning; speech recognition; tinyml
ID assisted living; automation; internet of things; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; neural networks; speech communication; ambient assisted
   living; arduino; convolutional neural network; edge analytic; machine
   learning; microcontroller boards; neural network model; people with
   disabilities; smart homes; tinyml; speech recognition

---

UT 333
AR Wiese P, 2025, PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF, V2, P78, DOI
   10.1145/3706594.3726981
TI RedMulE-FT: A Reconfigurable Fault-Tolerant Matrix Multiplication Engine
AU Wiese P; Item M; Bertaccini L; Tortorella Y; Garofalo A; Benini L
TC 0
SO PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF
PY 2025
AB As safety-critical applications increasingly rely on data-parallel floating-
   point computations, there is an increasing need for flexible and
   configurable fault tolerance in parallel floating-point accelerators such as
   tensor engines.  While replication-based methods ensure reliability but
   incur high area and power costs, error correction codes lack the flexibility
   to trade off robustness against performance.  This work presents RedMulE-FT,
   a runtime-configurable fault-tolerant extension of the RedMulE matrix
   multiplication accelerator, balancing fault tolerance, area overhead, and
   performance impacts.  The fault tolerance mode is configured in a shadowed
   context register file before task execution.  By combining replication with
   error-detecting codes to protect the data path, RedMulE-FT achieves an 11 ×
   uncorrected fault reduction with only area overhead.  Full protection
   extends to control signals, resulting in no functional errors after 1M
   injections during our extensive fault injection simulation campaign, with a
   total area overhead of while maintaining a 500 MHz frequency in a 12 nm
   technology.  © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE fault tolerance; hardware accelerator; risc-v; tinyml
ID acceleration; digital arithmetic; economic and social effects; embedded
   systems; engines; error correction; fault tolerant computer systems;
   tensors; area overhead; data parallel; fault tolerant; floating-point
   computation; hardware accelerators; matrix multiplication; reconfigurable;
   risc-v; safety critical applications; tinyml; fault tolerance

---

UT 337
AR Awada S, 2025, IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS66544.2025.11270518
TI Optimized TinyML Models based on Efficient Knowledge Distillation for
   Textures Classification
AU Awada S; Al Youssef H; Hijazi Z; Ibrahim A
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS
PY 2025
AB Deploying neural networks on embedded tactile sensing systems is constrained
   by limited computational and memory resources.  This work presents a
   Knowledge Distillation (KD)-based optimization framework to improve
   deployment efficiency on such platforms.  A pretrained baseline model serves
   as the teacher, transferring knowledge to a lightweight student model.
   Experiments on a texture dataset collected with a multisensory glove show
   that the KD student preserves the teacher's accuracy while substantially
   reducing computation and memory requirements.  Compared with an optimized
   teacher variant, the KD student achieves slightly lower accuracy with 53%
   lower inference time, 79% less flash usage, and 90% fewer multiply-
   accumulate operations (MACs), demonstrating the framework's effectiveness
   for real-time embedded deployment.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; knowledge distillation; model compression; tactile sensing
ID classification ( of information ); distillation; neural networks;
   optimization; students; tactile sensors; teaching; textures; computational
   resources; embedded-system; knowledge distillation; model compression;
   model-based opc; neural networks; tactile sensing; tactile sensing system;
   teachers; texture classification; embedded systems

---

UT 338
AR Ghanathe NP, 2025, PROC MACH LEARN RES, V267, P19286
TI QUTE: Quantifying Uncertainty in TinyML models with Early-exit-assisted
   ensembles for model-monitoring
AU Ghanathe NP; Wilton SJE
TC 0
SO PROC MACH LEARN RES
PY 2025
AB Uncertainty quantification (UQ) provides a resource-efficient solution for
   on-device monitoring of tinyML models deployed remotely without access to
   true labels.  However, existing UQ methods impose significant memory and
   compute demands, making them impractical for ultra-lowpower, KB-sized tinyML
   devices.  Prior work has attempted to reduce overhead by using early-exit
   ensembles to quantify uncertainty in a single forward pass, but these
   approaches still carry prohibitive costs.  To address this, we propose QUTE,
   a novel resource-efficient early-exit-assisted ensemble architecture
   optimized for tinyML models.  QUTE introduces additional output blocks at
   the final exit of the base network, distilling early-exit knowledge into
   these blocks to form a diverse yet lightweight ensemble.  We show that QUTE
   delivers superior uncertainty quality on tiny models, achieving comparable
   performance on larger models with 59% smaller model sizes than the closest
   prior work.  When deployed on a microcontroller, QUTE demonstrates a 31%
   reduction in latency on average.  In addition, we show that QUTE excels at
   detecting accuracy-drop events, outperforming all prior works.  © 2025 by
   the author(s).
ID % reductions; large models; model monitoring; model size; performance;
   quantification methods; resource-efficient; ultra low power; uncertainty;
   uncertainty quantifications; uncertainty analysis

---

UT 343
AR Luong-Cong D, 2025, INT CONF ADV TECHNOL COMMUN, DOI
   10.1109/ATC67618.2025.11268673
TI Hybrid CNN-Random Forest Approach for Accurate and Deployable Fall Detection
   on Embedded Systems
AU Luong-Cong D; Nguyen-Ngoc M; Truong-Cao D; Tran-T-Thuc L
TC 0
SO INT CONF ADV TECHNOL COMMUN
PY 2025
AB This study introduces a lightweight yet precise fall detection system
   optimized for real-time deployment on resource-limited embedded devices.
   Our proposed hybrid approach utilizes a two-stage architecture, where a
   quantized CNN-DNN model first extracts 32-dimensional embeddings from IMU
   signals, which are then classified by a lightweight Random Forest (RF)
   model.  Evaluated on the K-Fall dataset, the system achieved an outstanding
   F1-score of 97.32% and an accuracy of 99.58%. The practical feasibility of
   the model was successfully validated on three widely used microcontrollers,
   demonstrating real-time performance and efficient resource usage across all
   platforms.  Notably, the system performed exceptionally well on the
   STM32F407, requiring only 718 KB of Flash and 39.6 KB of RAM while achieving
   a remarkable inference latency of just 3.1 ms.  These results underscore the
   efficacy of the proposed approach in balancing high accuracy, low latency,
   and efficient memory usage, rendering it highly suitable for real-time
   wearable healthcare applications targeting fall monitoring in the elderly.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE deep embedding feature; fall detection; imu sensors; random forest; real-
   time inference; tinyml; wearable devices
ID embeddings; medical applications; random access storage; random forests;
   wearable sensors; deep embedding feature; embedded-system; embeddings; fall
   detection; imu sensor; random forests; real- time; real-time inference;
   tinyml; wearable devices; embedded systems

---

UT 345
AR Nikiforos L, 2025, INT CONF PHD RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PRIME, DOI
   10.1109/PRIME66228.2025.11203368
TI A Neural Network-Based Controller for DC-DC Buck Converter for Improved
   Resilience
AU Nikiforos L; Gabriele F; Prono L; Pareschi F; Setti G
TC 0
SO INT CONF PHD RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PRIME
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a novel Neural Network (NN) based control strategy for
   DC-DC Buck converters aiming to enhance the dynamic system response in face
   of external disturbances.  The proposed controller employs a compact
   multilayer perceptron, and it is trained online through supervised learning
   strategy.  Its ground-truth labels correspond to the optimal control actions
   that minimize the converter output voltage error.  This results in a tiny
   NN, paving the way for embedded hardware implementations.  The validation of
   the proposed NN-based controller is conducted via circuital simulations,
   demonstrating significant improvements in transient response compared to
   conventional control techniques.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; dc-dc converters; gradient-descent; neural network;
   tiny machine learning
ID buck converter; controllers; gradient methods; industrial electronics;
   learning systems; machine learning; optimal control systems; transient
   analysis; control strategies; dc converter; dc-dc buck converter; gradient-
   descent; machine learning; network-based controllers; neural network-based
   control; neural networks; novel neural network; tiny machine learning;
   neural networks

---

UT 350
AR Faris Ali N, 2025, IEEE ACCESS, V13, P204210, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2025.3639253
TI A Review of Photoplethysmography-Based Blood Pressure Monitoring: From
   Cloud-Based Machine Learning to TinyML Edge Deployment
AU Faris Ali N; Al-Nashash H; Elfadel IM; Atef M
TC 0
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2025
AB Cuffless continuous noninvasive blood pressure (cNIBP) monitoring based on
   photoplethysmography (PPG) has enjoyed great success through a wealth of
   high-performing machine learning (ML) algorithms.  Currently, this field is
   targeting AI-enabled real-time continuous blood pressure (BP) monitoring
   wearables.  However, the superior state-of-the-art cloud-based models
   proposed in the literature incur heavy computational load and mandate a
   large memory footprint and energy requirements.  Such factors hinder the
   deployment of these complex models on resource-constrained edge devices.
   Tiny machine learning (TinyML) has revolutionized the wave of wearable
   technology and enabled ML models to run inference on edge and tiny devices.
   However, limited research has explored the challenges and trade-offs in
   adapting PPG-based BP models to TinyML platforms.  In this study, we attempt
   to fill this gap by examining the key limitations of existing cloud-based
   approaches, reviewing the limited attempts at edge-based implementation and
   the challenges encountered, and analyzing how recent cloud advancements can
   inform efficient TinyML edge solutions.  This work provides a comprehensive
   reference for researchers, outlining key constraints, optimization
   strategies, and pathways for adapting cloud-based advancements to TinyML-
   powered PPG-based BP monitoring wearables.  © 2025 The Authors.
DE blood pressure; cnibp; edge devices; machine learning; ppg; tinyml
ID blood; distributed computer systems; learning algorithms; learning systems;
   machine learning; photoplethysmography; wearable technology; blood pressure
   monitoring; cloud-based; continuous non-invasive blood pressure; cuffless;
   edge device; machine learning algorithms; machine learning; real- time; tiny
   machine learning; blood pressure; economic and social effects

---

UT 352
AR Dominikowski B, 2025, PRZ ELEKTROTECH, P225, DOI 10.15199/48.2025.11.32
TI A TinyML-powered classifier designed for 2D data analysis in device
   diagnostics; [Klasyfikator oparty na TinyML służący do analizy danych 2D w
   diagnostyce urządzeń]
AU Dominikowski B
TC 0
SO PRZ ELEKTROTECH
PY 2025
AB The development of electronics enables the execution of complex tasks thanks
   to the increasing computational power of digital systems.  The article
   describes the implementation of a machine learning algorithm in a
   microprocessor-based system.  The proposed system can be applied to device
   operation diagnostics.  The intelligent algorithm assigns labels to sectors
   of the device's working surface depending on its operating state.  The
   author presents the entire design process of this algorithm.  © 2025
   Wydawnictwo SIGMA-NOT. All rights reserved.
DE artificial intelligence; machine learning; neural network; tinyml

---

UT 353
AR Park J/2, 2025, PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES, DOI
   10.1109/ISLPED65674.2025.11261811
TI RIMIX: RISC-V Core with MIXed-Precision SIMD Instruction Extensions
   Supported by Oracle-Assisted Sub-Network Search for Efficient TinyML
AU Park J/2; Park D; Hong Y; Kung J
TC 0
SO PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES
PY 2025
AB As the size of the deep learning model increases, mixed-precision
   quantization has become an efficient compression technique.  However, the
   lack of MCU support for mixed-precision computation limits its performance
   in running tinyML tasks.  To address this issue, we propose a RISC-V core,
   named RIMIX, designed to support various bit combinations with minimal
   hardware overhead.  The RIMIX features an optimized bit packing mechanism,
   an extended ISA tailored for mixed-precision arithmetic, and a neural unit
   capable of multi-precision computations, achieving up to 28.6 × speedup over
   an Ibex core.  To maximize the quality of tinyML processing with RIMIX, we
   also present an oracle-based neural architecture search to discover
   optimized models under a target constraint.  To speed up the search process,
   we propose a novel two-stage approach that decouples model topology search
   and mixed-precision training.  First, we search for an oracle network using
   training-free NAS, i.e., a high-bit optimized network that serves as a basis
   for mixed-precision training.  Once the oracle architecture is identified,
   we distill the model with weight sharing so that it performs well on any bit
   combinations.  We further propose a sub-network selection strategy from the
   oracle network, considering actual RIMIX instruction cycles to better meet
   the target constraints.  Our sub-network selection method outperforms
   conventional BOPs-based search methods.  Finally, the proposed SW/HW co-
   design method enables 2.0× faster execution in running TinyML tasks while
   keeping the accuracy drop by less than 2% compared to the existing state-of-
   the-art method on the Artix-7 FPGA board.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE mixed precision; nas; risc-v isa; tinyml
ID deep learning; hardware-software codesign; learning systems; neural
   networks; reduced instruction set computing; instruction extensions; mixed
   precision; nas; network search; network selection; risc-v isa; simd
   instructions; subnetworks; tinyml; v core; network architecture

---

UT 354
AR Thai B-T, 2025, J SOFT COMPUT DATA MIN, V6, P85, DOI
   10.30880/jscdm.2025.06.03.007
TI On-Device Training Based Anomaly Detection Platform
AU Thai B-T; Tran V-K; Nguyen C-N; Nguyen V-K
TC 0
SO J SOFT COMPUT DATA MIN
PY 2025
AB Anomaly detection (AD) identifies issues in monitored systems, allowing
   timely responses.  It is used in areas like industrial systems, healthcare,
   and networks.  Among various AD methods, Autoencoder (AE)-based models are
   popular for their unsupervised training, which doesn’t require labeled data.
   This study proposes a full platform that implements AE-based AD on tiny
   devices and tests it on motor operating noise.  The hardware includes two
   microcontroller units (MCUs) responsible for (1) real-time data acquisition
   and processing, (2) AE training and threshold setting, and (3) running
   inference for anomaly alerts.  To boost training speed, the platform
   supports both stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and adaptive moment
   estimation (Adam). The algorithm uses real-time data instead of pre-
   collected data to improve practical performance.  Tests show the platform
   effectively trains normal motor noise and accurately sets the anomaly
   threshold.  It achieves a real-time anomaly detection accuracy of 100%. The
   system runs fully automatically, making it suitable for integration into
   edge artificial intelligence of things (AIoT) systems.  © 2025, Penerbit
   UTHM. All rights reserved.
DE anomaly detection; autoencoder; microcontroller unit; on-device training;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )

---

UT 355
AR Xia P, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70082
TI Artificial Intelligence of Things Induced Predictive Maintenance of Computer
   Numerical Control Machine
AU Xia P; Hu F
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Automatically predictive maintenance (PdM) is critical for minimizing
   unplanned downtime and reducing operational costs in modern computer
   numerical control machines.  However, traditional cloud-based PdM suffers
   from high latency, privacy concerns, and heavy infrastructure demands;
   meanwhile, traditional edge intelligence-based approaches are restricted by
   the power of edge devices.  In order to tackle these issues, this paper
   proposes a transferable TinyML-based Artificial Intelligence of Things
   (AIoT) for PdM. First, self-powered piezoelectric sensors in the AIoT are
   installed for monitoring device vibration.  Second, FFT-based feature
   extraction and quantized TinyML models are deployed on the edge device for
   real-time, low-power inference on microcontrollers.  Third, few-shot
   transfer learning is incorporated.  Experiments on four fault
   classes—Normal, Misalignment, Bearing Fault, and Idle—demonstrate that our
   method achieves 94.8% accuracy, 95.1% precision, 94.6% recall, and 94.7%
   F1-score, outperforming six baselines (LSTM, RF, SVM, KNN, LR, and DT).
   Ablation studies confirm the critical roles of transfer learning,
   quantization, self-powered sensing, and FFT features.  The proposed
   framework delivers sub-200 ms inference latency at < 1 mW, making it ideal
   for always-on AIoT PdM in CNC production.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE artificial intelligence of things; computer numerical control machine;
   predictive maintenance; tinyml
ID computer control; computer control systems; controllers; learning systems;
   predictive maintenance; pulse width modulation; transfer learning;
   artificial intelligence of thing; cloud-based; computer numerical control
   machines; edge intelligence; power; predictive maintenance; privacy
   concerns; self-powered piezoelectric sensors; tinyml; transfer learning;
   numerical control systems

---

UT 356
AR Andrade M, 2025, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA, DOI
   10.1109/ETFA65518.2025.11205629
TI Autoencoders for Embedded Sensor Data Compression: A Case Study on Vehicular
   IoT Systems
AU Andrade M; Amaral M; Medeiros M; Silva M; Silva I; Gaffurini M; Brandao D;
   Ferrari P
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2025
AB The growing integration of sensors and embedded devices into distributed
   Internet of Things (IoT) systems has increased the demand for real-time data
   collection and processing solutions.  However, the high volume and frequency
   of sensor data create challenges related to storage, transmission, and
   response latency, especially in resource-constrained environments.  In this
   context, locally executed compression techniques, aligned with the Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) paradigm, become differentiators for enabling
   embedded applications.  Thus, this work proposes an autoencoder-based
   approach for efficiently compressing sensor data on edge devices.  Three
   autoencoder variants (feed-forward, sparse, and contractive) are evaluated,
   combined with symmetric and asymmetric architectures, considering criteria
   such as compression ratio, information preservation, and embedded execution
   feasibility.  For practical validation, a case study was conducted using
   vehicular data collected via the OBD-II interface, where the selected models
   were deployed on the OBDII Edge Freematics One+ device.  The results show
   that the models could reduce data dimensionality with minimal information
   loss, maintain competitive performance on discriminative tasks, and exhibit
   inference times compatible with real-time applications.  Autoencoders
   represent a viable neural compression solution for IoT environments,
   potentially applicable to various embedded sensing scenarios.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE autoencoders; data compression; embedded systems; iot; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; compaction; compression ratio ( machinery ); data
   acquisition; data compression ratio; data handling; digital storage;
   distributed computer systems; internet of things; auto encoders; case-
   studies; embedded device; embedded sensors; embedded-system; machine
   learning; real-time data collections; sensor device; sensors data; tiny
   machine learning; embedded systems

---

UT 358
AR Kapalamula HE, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF INTERNET THINGS INTELL SYST IOTAIS,
   P177, DOI 10.1109/IoTaIS67227.2025.11282020
TI Edge Intelligence for Fire Disaster Mitigation Using IoT and TinyML
AU Kapalamula HE; Mwaisekwa II; Mwang'onda AN; Florence Ndhlozi N
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF INTERNET THINGS INTELL SYST IOTAIS
PY 2025
AB Fire incidents are a major problem around the world.  Every year, there are
   more than 1.3 million fires, which kill more than 3,000 people and cause
   more than 25 billion in property damage.  Traditional fire detection systems
   don't work very well in places where resources are limited or far away
   because they have high false alarm rates, slow response times, and rely on
   centralized processing.  This work presents the development of an autonomous
   IoT and TinyML-based fire detection system that addresses these limitations
   through edge-based machine learning and multi-sensor fusion.  The proposed
   system combines an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense microcontroller with MQ-2
   carbon monoxide, MH-Z19B carbon dioxide, AHT21B temperature, and GPS sensors
   to get complete fire signatures.  The created TinyML Model got 94.71%
   accuracy on validation and 93.35% accuracy on deployment after Int8
   quantization.  The TinyML implementation allows for real-time inference with
   a latency of 1ms and low power use, making it ideal for solar-powered
   autonomous operation.  The performance analysis shows that the quantized
   model still works well for classification while using less processing power
   for edge deployment.  The system has multiple ways to send alerts, such as
   local buzzers, integration with a cloud platform, and mobile notifications.
   This makes sure that emergencies are handled quickly.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE arduino; deep learning; edge impulse; fire incidents; internet of things;
   machine learning; tinyml
ID big data; carbon monoxide; disasters; fire alarm systems; fire detectors;
   fires; image resolution; learning systems; robotics; arduino; deep learning;
   disaster mitigation; edge impulse; edge intelligence; fire detection
   systems; fire disasters; fire incident; machine learning; tinyml; deep
   learning; internet of things

---

UT 359
AR Yan C, 2025, INTERNET TECHNOL LETT, V8, DOI 10.1002/itl2.70100
TI TinyML-Enhanced Cloud-Edge Collaborative Framework for Real-Time Sport
   Action Recognition
AU Yan C
TC 0
SO INTERNET TECHNOL LETT
PY 2025
AB Advancements in wearable sensor networks and computer vision analytics
   necessitate real-time kinematic recognition systems with ultra-low latency
   and energy-efficient edge computing architectures for athletic performance
   monitoring.  However, conventional approaches face critical barriers of high
   computation and network dynamics, since dynamics naturally cause high
   computation.  Hence, targeting addressing the critical challenges of high
   computational latency and resource constraints in traditional networks, this
   paper presents a cloud-edge collaborative framework for real-time sports
   action recognition using the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) method.  First
   of all, a tiny machine learning architecture combining pruned
   MobileNetV3-Sport with temporal motion encoding is proposed to optimize the
   cloud-edge deployment through tensor decomposition.  Secondly, the overall
   system integrates a WebRTC-based streaming pipeline and accelerated model
   updates, enabling seamless coordination between cloud-based federated
   training and edge inference.  Lastly, comprehensive experiments are carried
   out on the Sports-5K dataset containing 23 athletic disciplines; our
   solution achieves 91.5% recognition accuracy with around 30% reduction of
   latency compared to state-of-the-art baselines.  Tests also demonstrate
   robust performance of the proposed architecture and solution under dynamic
   network conditions, maintaining less accuracy degradation during abrupt
   motion transitions.  The energy efficiency and response time validate its
   viability for next-generation applications, including athlete biomechanical
   analysis and AI-powered virtual coaching systems.  © 2025 John Wiley & Sons
   Ltd.
DE action recognitionlatency constraints; cloud-edge collaborative; tiny
   machine learning
ID architecture; cloud computing architecture; collaborative learning;
   dynamics; edge computing; energy efficiency; image recognition; learning
   systems; machine learning; memory architecture; real-time systems; sports;
   tensors; wearable computers; wearable sensors; action recognition; action
   recognitionlatency constraint; cloud-edge collaborative; collaborative
   framework; machine learning; real-time kinematic; real- time; recognition
   systems; tiny machine learning; wearable sensor networks; network
   architecture

---

UT 360
AR Shah Y, 2025, IEEE REG 10 SYMP INNOV TECHNOL SHAP FUTUR TENSYMP, DOI
   10.1109/TENSYMP63728.2025.11144956
TI TinyML-driven Spam Classification Framework for AVs Communication in
   5G-Enabled V2X Networks
AU Shah Y; Vasava K; Trivedi D; Shah P; Pathak L/1; Parve D; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO IEEE REG 10 SYMP INNOV TECHNOL SHAP FUTUR TENSYMP
PY 2025
AB In this paper, a TinyML-based light-weight method of classification of spam
   messages within Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) communication under 5G network
   for use in AVs is proposed.  Because Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) depend so
   much on V2X communication to exchange important data, the effectiveness of
   the message classification systems remain paramount for safe and effective
   communication.  The TinyML model we proposed here reaches an accuracy of 97%
   in differentiating spam from non-spam emails that up to traditional models
   but has far less computing power consumption.  TinyML, which has an
   approximate model size of 10 Kb, is designed to be deployed on edge devices
   in AVs that have low resource availability.  More advanced models in
   comparison, they kept TinyML as quite simple and very fast in throughput,
   making it valuable for real-time spam detection and improving the
   operational security of AV communication.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE 5g networks; autonomous vehicles; edge computing; message spam
   classification; tinyml; v2x communication
ID autonomous vehicles; classification ( of information ); green computing;
   autonomous vehicles; classification framework; edge computing; light weight;
   message spam classification; spam classification; tinyml; v2x communication;
   vehicle communications; weight methods; edge computing

---

UT 361
AR Jadhav A, 2025, ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL SMART SUSTAIN URBAN TRANSP INTEGR
   PLATFORMS CASES, P127, DOI 10.1002/9781394346776.ch8
TI Demystifying the Aspects of Edge Computing and Edge AI for Real-Time
   Insights
AU Jadhav A; Madan H; Al-Khuzaie MY; Pant R; Singh N; Al-Jawahry HM
TC 0
SO ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL SMART SUSTAIN URBAN TRANSP INTEGR PLATFORMS CASES
PY 2025
AB We analysed how edge computing and Edge Artificial Intelligence are enabling
   real-time insights and decision-making across multiple industries in this
   chapter.  Organisations confronting limitations in traditional cloud models,
   particularly latency and bandwidth, are turning to edge computing to solve
   these problems.  Through local processing, it is possible to reduce delays,
   improve security, and increase bandwidth, making it ideal for applications
   like autonomous vehicles, healthcare, industrial automation, and smart
   cities.  Edge AI incorporates local AI algorithms for millisecond-level
   intelligence.  As a result of these technologies, real-time data analysis
   and privacy are improved, as is operational resilience.  Throughout this
   chapter, we will demystify the underlying technology, key benefits, and
   application areas of edge computing and edge AI. This chapter examines
   technical challenges and the potential of integrating emerging technologies
   such as 5G and TinyML to broaden its scope.  © 2026 Scrivener Publishing
   LLC.
DE 5g integration; autonomous vehicles; edge artificial intelligence; edge
   computing; emerging technologies; smart cities; tinyml
ID autonomous vehicles; data privacy; decision making; edge computing; edge
   detection; 5g integration; autonomous vehicles; cloud modeling; decisions
   makings; edge artificial intelligence; edge computing; emerging
   technologies; local processing; real- time; tinyml; smart city

---

UT 362
AR Shah P/2, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT TELECOMMUN SYST CITS, DOI
   10.1109/CITS65975.2025.11099489
TI DiabSecure: Federated-TinyML-enabled unified Privacy-Preserving Framework
   for Diabetes Risk Assessment using Zero-Trust Blockchain
AU Shah P/2; Tandel PJ; Kumari A; Kumar S; Kumar N/1; Ghanghas S; Sardana J
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT TELECOMMUN SYST CITS
PY 2025
AB In this paper, we introduce DiabSecure: a decentralized framework based on
   FL for real-time diabetes risk prediction using wearable healthcare devices.
   Local TinyML models deployed on each wearable device are trained on-device,
   with no need to share raw data, ensuring privacy and security.  Model
   updates are aggregated using the popular FedAvg algorithm, achieving a
   global accuracy of 0.7593 and an F1-score of 0.7691. To further enhance
   performance, advanced aggregation strategies such as FedSGD and FedOpt are
   integrated, with FedSGD attaining an accuracy of 0.7563 and F1-score of
   0.7692, and FOA achieving the highest accuracy of 0.76 and F1-score of
   0.7725. Precision scores for FOA, FedAvg, and FedSGD are 0.774, 0.772, and
   0.76 respectively, highlighting robust predictive power.  Achieving this
   level of performance on the challenging dataset [1], which contains
   imbalanced, high-dimensional, and behaviorally diverse health records - is
   non-trivial.  To ensure secure, tamper-proof updates, blockchain and IPFS
   manage data integrity and transparent logging.  Our system operates entirely
   on-device using converted TFLite models, supports 6G-ready communication,
   and maintains continuous learning at the edge.  DiabSecure stands out from
   traditional centralized systems by relying on dynamic, real-time patient
   data while ensuring privacy.  Evaluation confirms the effectiveness of this
   approach in dynamic healthcare environments, with high precision and
   F1-scores across all algorithms, making it a promising solution for
   continuous health monitoring.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE decentralized framework; diabetes risk prediction; federated learning;
   interplanetary file system ( ipfs ); tinyml; zero-trust blockchain
ID healthcare; learning systems; network security; privacy-preserving
   techniques; wearable technology; blockchain; decentralized; decentralized
   framework; diabetes risk prediction; f1 scores; filesystem; interplanetary
   file system; risk predictions; tinyml; zero-trust blockchain; risk
   assessment

---

UT 363
AR Mehta A, 2025, INT CONF AUTOM COMPUT RENEW SYST ICACRS - PROC, P686, DOI
   10.1109/ICACRS67045.2025.11324295
TI From Sensors to Decisions: ML Architectures and Services for Real-Time
   Cloud-based IoT Analytics
AU Mehta A; Singh J; Kaur K; Kaur H/1; Kaur H
TC 0
SO INT CONF AUTOM COMPUT RENEW SYST ICACRS - PROC
PY 2025
AB As the IoT has mixed and emerged rapidly, a massive spiral of data has now
   emerged, and the opportunities as well as challenges may be viewed as never
   before in contemporary computing.  It has resulted in a broad set of
   opportunities- as well as major challenges- to existing systems.  Most of
   this information is generated by small resources constrained devices working
   at the network edge, implying that we require smarter and adaptable systems
   which can effectively process and analyze this information.  This paper
   makes an emphasis on integrations between Machine Learning (ML) and Cloud
   Computing with the IoT. The cloud may be regarded as the brain, which
   provides the processing power required to have high-capacity ML models
   trained, whereas the IoT devices are the senses, which provide information
   regarding the physical environment.  We describe the major architectural
   strategies of integrating ML, IoT, and the cloud, and discuss practical
   examples of using smart factories and hi-tech farming to learn what this
   integration can accomplish in reality.  Important performance indicators and
   actual results are also analyzed by us, not just mere theoretical concepts.
   Of course, there are also some challenges, and we also solve them.  Finally,
   we consider the future of our sphere talking of such new tendencies as
   TinyML, federated learning, and autonomous systems, which are starting to
   take their toll on the next phase of progress.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE cloud computing; edge intelligence; federated learning; iot; machine
   learning; tinyml
ID cloud analytics; edge computing; federated learning; intelligent systems;
   internet of things; machine learning; cloud-based; cloud computing; edge
   intelligence; existing systems; iot; learning architectures; learning
   services; machine learning; real- time; tinyml; learning systems

---

UT 364
AR Hamdaoui I, 2025, TECHNOL, V13, DOI 10.3390/technologies13120572
TI H-RT-IDPS: A Hierarchical Real-Time Intrusion Detection and Prevention
   System for the Smart Internet of Vehicles via TinyML-Distilled CNN and
   Hybrid BiLSTM-XGBoost Models
AU Hamdaoui I; Rami C; El Allali Z; El Makkaoui K
TC 0
SO TECHNOL
PY 2025
AB The integration of connected vehicles into smart city infrastructure
   introduces critical cybersecurity challenges for the Internet of Vehicles
   (IoV), where resource-constrained vehicles and powerful roadside units
   (RSUs) must collaborate for secure communication.  We propose H-RT-IDPS, a
   hierarchical real-time intrusion detection and prevention system targeting
   two high-priority IoV security pillars: availability (traffic overload) and
   integrity/authenticity (spoofing), with spoofing evaluated across multiple
   subclasses (GAS, RPM, SPEED, and steering wheel). In the offline phase, deep
   learning and hybrid models were benchmarked on the vehicular CAN bus dataset
   CICIoV2024, with the BiLSTM-XGBoost hybrid chosen for its balance between
   accuracy and inference speed.  Real-time deployment uses a TinyML-distilled
   CNN on vehicles for ultra-lightweight, low-latency detection, while RSU-
   level BiLSTM-XGBoost performs a deeper temporal analysis.  A Kafka–Spark
   Streaming pipeline supports localized classification, prevention, and
   dashboard-based monitoring.  In baseline, stealth, and coordinated modes,
   the evaluation achieved accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-scores all above
   97%. The mean end-to-end inference latency was 148.67 ms, and the resource
   usage was stable.  The framework remains robust in both high-traffic and
   low-frequency attack scenarios, enhancing operator situational awareness
   through real-time visualizations.  These results demonstrate a scalable,
   explainable, and operator-focused IDPS well suited for securing SC-IoV
   deployments against evolving threats.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE big data analytics; deep learning; hybrid bilstm-xgboost model; internet of
   vehicles ( iov ); intrusion detection and prevention system ( idps );
   kafkaspark streaming; knowledge distillation; smart city security; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )
ID advanced analytics; big data; computer crime; internet of things; intrusion
   detection; learning systems; network security; smart city; vehicles; big
   data analytic; city securities; data analytics; deep learning; hybrid
   bilstm-xgboost model; internet of vehicle; intrusion detection and
   prevention system; intrusion detection and prevention systems; kafkumspark
   streaming; knowledge distillation; machine learning; smart city security;
   tiny machine learning; deep learning

---

UT 365
AR Arratia B, 2025, ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL, V162, DOI
   10.1016/j.engappai.2025.112415
TI Towards efficient stream monitoring: A systematic approach for model
   selection and continuous improvement in Tiny Machine Learning applications
AU Arratia B; Rosas E; Prades J; Peña-Haro S; Cecilia JM; Manzoni P
TC 0
SO ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL
PY 2025
AB Measuring ephemeral stream flows is essential for ecological and
   hydrological studies.  However, their intermittent nature and remote
   locations pose challenges for conventional monitoring methods, which often
   consume excessive energy to capture rare events.  We address this with
   BODOQUE (Bimodal Observational Device for Optimizing Quantification of
   Ephemeral streams), a dual-mode system that leverages Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) on low-power microcontrollers.  The system remains in an energy-
   saving sensing state and activates high-precision measurements only when
   water flow is detected.  We present a model selection methodology that
   balances detection accuracy with inference cost, enabling reliable operation
   within hardware constraints.  To enhance adaptability in diverse
   environments, we developed a specialized component that facilitates dataset
   expansion through new field samples.  This supports ongoing retraining to
   maintain model performance under changing conditions.  A comprehensive
   evaluation using real-world data demonstrates that our system can achieve up
   to 97% annual energy savings compared to traditional continuous monitoring
   approaches.  © 2025 The Authors
DE adaptive systems; edge computing; energy efficiency; environmental
   intelligence; internet of things; streamflow monitoring; tiny machine
   learning
ID adaptive systems; green computing; internet of things; learning systems;
   machine learning; rivers; stream flow; continuous improvements; edge
   computing; energy; environmental intelligence; ephemeral streams; machine
   learning applications; machine learning; model selection; streamflow
   monitoring; tiny machine learning; energy efficiency

---

UT 366
AR Németh Z, 2025, SENSORS, V25, DOI 10.3390/s25206444
TI Machine Learning-Based Position Detection Using Hall-Effect Sensor Arrays on
   Resource-Constrained Microcontroller
AU Németh Z; See CH; Goh K; Ghani A; Keates S; A Abd-Alhameed R
TC 0
SO SENSORS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents an electromagnetic levitation system that stabilizes a
   magnetic body using an array of electromagnets controlled by a Hall-effect
   sensor array and TinyML-based position detection.  Departing from
   conventional optical tracking methods, the proposed design combines finite-
   element-optimized electromagnets with a microcontroller-optimized neural
   network that processes sensor data to predict the levitated object’s
   position with 0.0263–0.0381 mm mean absolute error.  The system employs both
   quantized and full-precision implementations of a supervised multi-output
   regression model trained on spatially sampled data (40 × 40 × 15 mm volume
   at 5 mm intervals). Comprehensive benchmarking demonstrates stable operation
   at 850–1000 Hz control frequencies, matching optical systems’ performance
   while eliminating their cost and complexity.  The integrated solution
   performs real-time position detection and current calculation entirely on-
   board, requiring no external tracking devices or high-performance computing.
   By achieving sub 30 μm accuracy with standard microcontrollers and minimal
   hardware, this work validates machine learning as a viable alternative to
   optical position detection in magnetic levitation systems, reducing
   implementation barriers for research and industrial applications.  The
   complete system design, including electromagnetic array characterization,
   neural network architecture selection, and real-time implementation
   challenges, is presented alongside performance comparisons with conventional
   approaches.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE electromagnetic levitation system; hall-effect sensor array; machine
   learning; microcontroller; tinyml
ID electromagnetic propulsion; electromagnets; industrial research; learning
   systems; machine learning; magnetic levitation; magnetic levitation
   vehicles; neural networks; object tracking; optical systems; real-time
   control; regression analysis; electromagnetic levitation system; hall-effect
   sensor array; hall-effect sensors; machine learning; neural networks;
   optical tracking method; optical-; position detection; sensors array;
   tinyml; article; benchmarking; controlled study; diagnosis; eye tracking;
   hall sensor; human; machine learning; mean absolute error; nerve cell
   network; optical instrumentation; regression model; sensor; visual system;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 369
AR Nagarajan S, 2025, INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS, DOI
   10.1109/SmartNets65254.2025.11106907
TI An Autoencoder-Based TinyML Model for On-Device Arrhythmia Detection
AU Nagarajan S; Polachan K
TC 0
SO INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS
PY 2025
AB Our work presents a method for ECG segmentation and arrhythmia detection
   using a tiny, autoencoder-based machine learning (ML) model for real-time
   on-device inference on resource-constrained wearable devices.  Existing
   approaches rely on the frequent wireless transmission of ECG data from
   wearable devices to hubs or cloud servers, where they are post-processed
   using ML algorithms to detect arrhythmias.  These approaches increases the
   device's energy consumption, exposes sensitive health information to
   eavesdropping, and delays diagnosis.  However, running traditional ML models
   for arrhythmia detection directly on wearables supporting microcontroller
   units (MCUs) with limited computing power and memory is challenging.  As a
   solution, we developed an autoencoder-based tinyML model with a limited
   number of layers and neurons that runs within the resource constraints of
   MCUs.  We demonstrated the model using a simulated system that mimics a
   wearable performing real-time ECG segmentation and arrhythmia detection.  We
   tested the system using multiple patient records from the MIT-BIH Arrhythmia
   Database.  The system achieved an accuracy, precision, and recall of
   $\mathbf{7 4. 5 8 \%, ~} \mathbf{5 8. 4 4 \%}$, and $\mathbf{9 7. 0 2 \%}$,
   respectively.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ecg classification; edge ai; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; diseases; electrocardiography; green computing;
   learning systems; medical computing; wearable computers; arrhythmia
   detection; auto encoders; ecg classification; ecg segmentation; edge ai;
   machine learning models; machine learning; real- time; tiny machine
   learning; wearable devices; energy utilization

---

UT 370
AR Pasandul HWTP, 2025, PROC ICITR - INT CONF TECHNOL RES ADV GLOB CONNECT
   EMERG TECHNOL SOLUT, DOI 10.1109/ICITR69413.2025.11353524
TI AirSense: AI-Powered Air Mouse Using TinyML
AU Pasandul HWTP; Sudantha BH
TC 0
SO PROC ICITR - INT CONF TECHNOL RES ADV GLOB CONNECT EMERG TECHNOL SOLUT
PY 2025
AB Hand gesture-based intelligent interfaces have emerged as a significant
   advancement in human-computer interaction, offering a more natural and
   intuitive means of control compared to conventional input devices.  AirSense
   is a dualmode AI-powered air mouse designed to realize such interaction
   through Air Mouse Mode for precise cursor navigation and Media Controller
   Mode for intuitive multimedia control.  The system is implemented using an
   ESP32-WROOM-32D microcontroller integrated with an MPU6050 inertial
   measurement unit, and employs TinyML models trained via Edge Impulse for on-
   device real-time gesture recognition.  In Media Controller Mode, vertical
   hand movements are utilized for volume adjustment, with upward and downward
   gestures corresponding to volume increase and decrease, respectively.
   Experimental evaluation demonstrates an accuracy of 94.9  © 2025 IEEE.
DE air mouse; edge ai; edge impulse; embedded systems; esp32; gesture
   recognition; media controller; mpu-6050; tinyml
ID air navigation; artificial intelligence; controllers; human computer
   interaction; multimedia systems; air mouse; edge ai; edge impulse; embedded-
   system; esp32; gestures recognition; hand gesture; medium controller;
   mpu-6050; tinyml; embedded systems; gesture recognition

---

UT 371
AR Sahitya P, 2025, IEEE INT CONF ICT BUS IND GOV ICTBIG, DOI
   10.1109/ICTBIG68706.2025.11323927
TI Quantum-Tinyml Neural Compression for Real-Time Medical Imaging
AU Sahitya P; Ramya M; Sunil Manohar Reddy K; Aandi S; Poornima MM; Deshai N
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ICT BUS IND GOV ICTBIG
PY 2025
AB The high rate of exponential growth of medical imaging data, combined with
   the growing implementation of edge devices in healthcare, requires solutions
   which are efficient, low-latency and high-fidelity to real-time image
   transmission.  The classic compression and transmission techniques are often
   unable to strike to the right equilibrium between the accuracy of the
   diagnosis, the speed of computation, and the resource needs.  To overcome
   these difficulties, we suggest in this paper QVAE-TANC an innovative Quantum
   Variational Autoencoder with TinyML Adaptive Neural Compression model that
   combats these issues in a single end-to-end design.  The proposed model uses
   quantuminspired latent representation learning to learn the role of
   capturing high-dimensional image features in a compact form and greatly
   improves the compression process without any loss of diagnostic information.
   An adaptive compression module implemented with TinyML further optimizes the
   latent representation to be deployed on low-power edge devices by
   dynamically changing the quantization and entropy coding setting and
   transmission parameters, depending on bandwidth, latency, and energy
   constraint.  There are over 100 experiments with benchmark medical images
   that show that QVAE-TANC can achieve up to 55x compression, 37.8 dB PSNR,
   and 0.931 SSIM and end-to-end latency of less than 100 ms, which is
   significantly lower than state-of-the-art codecs and deep learning-based
   baselines.  The findings verify the system to be able to support realtime,
   resource-conscious, and diagnostic quality medical image transmission to
   support next-generation applications in telemedicine and remote diagnostics,
   as well as next-generation IoT-enabled healthcare systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE adaptive neural compression; edge computing; medical image transmission;
   quantum variational autoencoder ( qvae ); tinyml
ID bandwidth compression; deep learning; diagnosis; healthcare; image coding;
   image compression; image enhancement; medical computing; medical image
   processing; neural networks; variational techniques; adaptive neural
   compression; auto encoders; edge computing; exponential growth; high rate;
   imaging data; medical image transmission; quantum variational autoencoder;
   real- time; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 372
AR Taheri Moghadar S, 2025, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V14, DOI
   10.3390/electronics14173533
TI TinyML-Based Real-Time Doorway Activity Recognition with a Time-of-Flight
   Sensor
AU Taheri Moghadar S; Gandolfi R; Torti E
TC 0
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2025
AB The present paper sets out a fully embedded system for real-time
   classification of human motion events at a doorway using a Time-of-Flight
   sensor and a Tiny Machine Learning model deployed on an Arduino Nano 33 IoT.
   The system is capable of distinguishing between three distinct behaviors:
   entering, exiting, and approaching–leaving.  This is achieved by analyzing
   sequences of distance measurements using a quantized 1D convolutional neural
   network.  A dataset was collected from 15 participants, and the model was
   evaluated using both 70–30 and leave-one-subject-out validation protocols.
   The quantized model demonstrated an accuracy of over 95% in subject-aware
   testing and above 91% in subject-independent scenarios.  When deployed on
   the microcontroller, the system demonstrated an inference time of 275 ms, an
   average power consumption of 16 mW, and 26 KB of SRAM usage.  These results
   confirm the feasibility of accurate, real-time human motion classification
   in a compact, battery-friendly architecture suitable for smart environments
   and embedded monitoring.  © 2025 by the authors.
DE 1d-cnn; litert; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; embedded systems; learning systems; motion
   analysis; 1d-cnn; activity recognition; convolutional neural network;
   embedded-system; human motions; litert; machine learning models; real- time;
   time-of-flight sensor; tinyml; pattern recognition

---

UT 376
AR Devle S, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1420 LNEE, P27, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-6406-1_3
TI Classroom Activity Detection Using TinyML
AU Devle S; Jadhav Y; Maske V; Das S/1; Khandekar S
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB This research paper presents a Classroom Activity Detection system that
   addresses the challenges posed by the transition to online and hybrid
   learning models, as well as the increasing number of students in physical
   lectures.  The system leverages machine learning and computer vision
   techniques to monitor and categorize student activities in real time,
   allowing teachers to ensure engagement and focus during lectures.  The
   system is designed to work in both instructor-present and instructor-absent
   scenarios, eliminating the need for strict invigilation during exams.
   Implementing TinyML, a field of machine learning focused on deploying models
   trained on MobileNetV2 architecture on resource-constrained devices, makes
   the system portable and practical for various educational settings.  It is
   deployed on Raspberry Pi platform, which offers affordability, ease of use,
   and versatility without compromising processing power.  This innovative
   solution addresses the critical challenges faced in modern classrooms and
   enhances the teaching–learning experience.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE activity detection; computer vision; machine learning; raspberry pi; tinyml
ID learning systems; machine learning; students; teaching; activity detection;
   classroom activity; detection system; hybrid learning; learning models;
   machine learning; online learning; raspberry pi; research papers; tinyml;
   computer vision

---

UT 377
AR Medeiros M, 2025, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA, DOI
   10.1109/ETFA65518.2025.11205746
TI MST and MPT: Lightweight Incremental Algorithms for Multivariate Anomaly
   Detection and Correction on TinyML Devices
AU Medeiros M; Medeiros T; Silva M; Silva I; Gaffurini M; Brandao D; Ferrari P
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2025
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) generates massive multivariate time series data
   requiring real-time anomaly detection and correction for reliable
   monitoring.  This challenges resource-constrained embedded devices due to
   conventional offline training and batch processing.  To address this, we
   propose two algorithms derived from the TEDARLS framework: Multivariate
   Sequential TEDA (MST) and Multivariate Parallel TEDA (MPT). Derived from the
   TEDARLS framework, both enable on-device detection and correction of
   multivariate anomalies within TinyML constraints.  A case study with real
   vehicular sensor data demonstrated low inference times and consistent
   embedded behavior.  Supervised metrics were only assessed on synthetic data.
   MPT, though more sensitive, introduced greater signal distortions and
   required significantly longer processing times.  Overall, MST demonstrated
   superior stability and suitability for real-time anomaly correction in
   resource-constrained IoT environments.  This approach addresses an important
   gap in embedded analytics for IoT by enabling lightweight, accurate, and
   autonomous anomaly detection and correction at the edge.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; embedded systems; iot; multivariate time series; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; batch data processing; internet of things; time series;
   anomaly detection; case-studies; embedded device; embedded-system;
   incremental algorithm; multivariate time series; offline training; real-time
   anomaly detections; time series data; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 382
AR Lokhande M, 2025, PROC INT CONF MICROELECTRON ICM, DOI
   10.1109/ICM66518.2025.11321332
TI FERMI-ML: A Flexible and Resource-Efficient Memory-In-Situ SRAM Macro for
   TinyML acceleration
AU Lokhande M; Sankhe A; Jaya Chand SV; Mishra S/1; Vishvakarma SK
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF MICROELECTRON ICM
PY 2025
AB The growing demand for low-power and area-efficient TinyML inference on AIoT
   devices necessitates memory architectures that minimise data movement while
   sustaining high computational efficiency.  This paper presents FERMI-ML, a
   Flexible and Resource-Efficient Memory-In-Situ (MIS) SRAM macro designed for
   TinyML acceleration.  The proposed 9T XNOR-based RX9T bit-cell integrates a
   5T storage cell with a 4T XNOR compute unit, enabling variable-precision MAC
   and CAM operations within the same array.  A 22-transistor (C22T)
   compressor-tree-based accumulator facilitates logarithmic 1-64-bit MAC
   computation with reduced delay and power compared to conventional adder
   trees.  The 4 KB macro achieves dual functionality for in-situ computation
   and CAM-based lookup operations, supporting Posit-4/FP-4 precision.  Post-
   layout results at 65 nm show operation at 350 MHz with 0.9 V, delivering a
   throughput of 1.93 TOPS and an energy efficiency of 364 TOPS/W, while
   maintaining a Quality-of-Result (QoR) above 97.5% with Inception-V4 and
   ResNet-18. FERMI-ML thus demonstrates a compact, reconfigurable, and energy-
   aware digital Memory-In-Situ macro capable of supporting mixed-precision
   TinyML workloads.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE content-addressable memory; processing-in-memory; reconfigurable precision;
   sram; tinyml acceleration
ID acceleration; associative storage; computational efficiency; energy
   efficiency; forestry; in situ processing; memory architecture; power
   management; content-addressable memory; growing demand; low area; low power;
   processing-in-memory; reconfigurable; reconfigurable precision; resource-
   efficient; sram macro; tinyml acceleration; cams

---

UT 383
AR Fayos-Jordan R, 2025, IEEE SENSORS J, V25, P25439, DOI
   10.1109/JSEN.2025.3567576
TI 5G Tiny-ML AI-Based IoT e-Nose System for Hazardous Odor Detection and
   Classification
AU Fayos-Jordan R; Alselek M; Khadmaoui-Bichouna M; Segura-Garcia J; Alcaraz-
   Calero JM; Wang Q/2
TC 0
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2025
AB More than 2 million people have died in the world in 2019 exposed to
   hazardous substances.  In this context, it is of paramount importance to
   deliver effective systems to help minimize such number of dead.  The usage
   of advanced technologies, such as artificial intelligence (AI) and the
   Internet of Things (IoT), plays a critical role in the detection of
   hazardous substances within Industry 4.0. The combination of these
   technologies enhances the efficiency and accuracy of monitoring harmful
   materials, improving safety standards and operational processes in
   industrial environments.  AI can be used to analyze vast amounts of data for
   identifying patterns and predicting potential hazards, while IoT connects
   various devices and sensors to ensure real-time tracking and prompt
   responses to risks.  This technological synergy is essential for modern
   industries aiming to create safer and more automated systems.  In this work,
   we propose a 5G AI-IoT electronic nose (e-nose) system for the real-time
   detection and classification of five hazardous odors.  The proposed AI model
   is very lightweight, and it is affordable for our IoT microcontroller unit.
   The system has been validated in laboratory conditions but has the advantage
   and potential impact to be effective in any scenario.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE 5g; artificial intelligence ( ai ); classification; hazardous substances;
   internet of things ( iot )
ID toxicity; 5g; advanced technology; effective systems; exposed to; hazardous
   substances; odor classification; odor detection; operational process; safety
   standard; standards process; industrial poisons

---

UT 384
AR Albarrán DMR, 2025, ETCM - ECUAD TECH CHAPTERS MEET, DOI
   10.1109/ETCM67548.2025.11304299
TI Intelligent system design to monitor organizational climate at a university
   using TinyML and emotion detection
AU Albarrán DMR; Torrealba LRG; Rivas-Echeverria FI; Pineda KAM
TC 0
SO ETCM - ECUAD TECH CHAPTERS MEET
PY 2025
AB This paper discusses the development of an automatic facial emotion
   recognition system employing a MiniXception architecture optimized for low-
   power devices like the Raspberry Pi 5. The primary aim is to analyze faculty
   emotions at a university and provide insights into the organizational
   climate.  Utilizing facial images from a USB camera, the system classifies
   seven basic emotions - anger, disgust, fear, happiness, sadness, surprise,
   and neutrality - with an accuracy of 93.57%. The system incorporates image
   preprocessing and deep learning techniques for real-time results, displaying
   emotional feedback through text, emojis, and motivational audio messages.
   Detected emotions are logged with timestamps for future analysis.  Testing
   with faculty members confirmed the system's accuracy and usability,
   suggesting its potential as a non-intrusive tool for continuous emotional
   monitoring and enhancing institutional well-being.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE deep learning; emotion detection; mini-xception; organizational climate;
   tinyml
ID emotion recognition; face recognition; learning systems; psychology
   computing; speech recognition; systems analysis; deep learning; emotion
   detection; emotion recognition; facial emotions; intelligent system design;
   low power devices; mini-xception; organizational climate; recognition
   systems; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 385
AR Aqasizade H, 2025, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC,
   P226, DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT66048.2025.11122104
TI A TinyMLOps-Based Edge AI Approach for Early Detection of Emerging Plant
   Diseases
AU Aqasizade H; Antonini M; Vecchio M; Antonelli F
TC 0
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a computer vision-based system for the early detection
   of plant leaf diseases, developed using TinyMLOps principles to enable
   deployment on resourceconstrained embedded devices.  The solution leverages
   the MobileNet architecture with a custom classification head that is
   properly trained using the PlantVillage dataset to distinguish between
   healthy, unhealthy, and no leaves images.  Given the class imbalance of the
   relabeled dataset, we augmented the underrepresented classes (No leaves)
   using basic image transformations to improve model generalization.  To
   ensure both high accuracy and computational feasibility, considering that
   the target device has limited resources, we apply a multi-objective
   hyperparameter optimization strategy using the Optuna framework,
   incorporating the NSGA-II algorithm to identify optimal trade-offs between
   model accuracy (measured by F1-score) and computational constraints (number
   of model parameters). The optimization process identifies a set of Pareto-
   optimal models, with the most promising configurations residing in the 'knee
   region', offering strong classification performance with significantly
   reduced parameter counts.  From the Pareto front, we selected a few models
   that were evaluated on a Raspberry Pi Zero 2W to assess their realworld
   performance in terms of inference latency, memory usage, and overall
   suitability for deployment in resource-constrained environments.  This poses
   the basis for building a low-cost solution with commodity devices for early
   disease detection in agriculture, including rural areas where computational
   resources and connectivity are limited.  Finally, the dataset we used for
   this work has been made public as an asset of the AgrifoodTEF Data Space.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE computer vision; edge ai; precision agriculture; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; computer vision; diseases; embedded systems; image
   enhancement; multiobjective optimization; pareto principle; plant diseases;
   precision agriculture; class imbalance; edge ai; embedded device; leaf
   disease; leaf images; plant disease; plant leaves; precision agriculture;
   tinyml; vision-based system; economic and social effects

---

UT 389
AR Dabbous A, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1263 LNEE, P468, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-71518-1_57
TI TinyML Acceleration with MAX78000
AU Dabbous A; Lazzaroni L; Bellotti F; Presentación SM; Pighetti A; Berta R
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB The advancement of edge devices equipped with specialized hardware
   accelerators has brought the deployment and execution of Deep Neural Network
   (DNN) models nearer to users and real-world sensor systems.  This paper
   investigates the potential of the MAX78000 microcontroller in accelerating
   Tiny Machine Learning applications, which require real-time processing and
   low power consumption.  We compare its performance against other platforms
   like the STM32H7 and Raspberry Pi 4, focusing on a case study involving the
   detection of miniature mobile robots using an ultra-low-resolution Time-of-
   Flight sensor.  Despite slightly lower accuracy, the MAX78000 outperforms
   other platforms in terms of inference time, power, and energy consumption,
   making it a reliable choice for power-constrained applications.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE convolutional neural network; hardware accelerator; max78000; power
   consumption; time-of-flight; tiny machine learning
ID deep neural networks; mobile robots; convolutional neural network; hardware
   accelerators; machine learning; max78000; neural network model; power; real-
   world; specialized hardware; time-of flight; tiny machine learning;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 390
AR Navghane A, 2025, INT CONF EMERG APPLIC MATER SCI TECHNOL ICEAMST, P933, DOI
   10.1109/ICEAMST67459.2025.11335923
TI WaveGuard: An ESP32-based Ultrasonic Sensing and Edge AI Model for Real-Time
   Intrusion Detection
AU Navghane A; Thete S; Vedpathak S; Thag S
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMERG APPLIC MATER SCI TECHNOL ICEAMST
PY 2025
AB In recent years, the need for intelligent, privacy-safeguarding security
   systems has increased.  Traditional solutions like CCTV cameras and infrared
   sensors are either a privacy risk or are unable to accurately distinguish
   between people, animals, and inanimate objects.  This paper presents
   WaveGuard, a low-cost, AI-powered intrusion detection system that utilizes
   ultrasonic echo patterns for real-time classification of any types of
   movements.  The system utilizes an ESP32 microcontroller and HC-SR04
   ultrasonic sensors to gather live distance data.  A TinyML-based machine
   learning model processes this information locally.  Test results for the
   project confirm that WaveGuard accurately differentiates between human
   intruders, pets, static environments, and inanimate objects, with a total
   hardware cost under ₹2,000. The system provides affordability, high
   accuracy, and privacy, making it suitable for residential, commercial, as
   well as rural security applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE echo pattern classification; edge ai; esp32; intrusion detection; low-cost
   security system; object recognition; privacy-preserving security; real-time
   classification; tinyml; ultrasonic sensing
ID costs; data privacy; edge detection; infrared detectors; learning systems;
   machine learning; network security; object detection; security systems;
   ultrasonic imaging; ultrasonic testing; echo pattern classification; echo
   patterns; edge ai; esp32; intrusion detection; low-cost security system;
   low-costs; objects recognition; patterns classification; privacy-preserving;
   privacy-preserving security; real- time; real-time classification; tinyml;
   ultrasonic sensing; intrusion detection; object recognition

---

UT 392
AR Jiang Z, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS, P658, DOI
   10.1109/ICCD65941.2025.00100
TI BNRV: A Lightweight SIMD Extension for Efficient BitNet Inference on RISC-V
   CPUs
AU Jiang Z; Lyu Y
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS
PY 2025
AB AI models utilizing extremely low-bitwidth weights have shown promise in
   efficient storage and computation while maintaining satisfactory results
   through proper training processes.  By converting floating-point
   multiplication into simpler addition and shifting operations, these models
   are well-suited for deployment on resource-constrained devices.  However,
   traditional CPU architectures often fail to fully exploit the advantages of
   multiplication-free operations due to a lack of hardware support.  In this
   paper, we propose BNRV, a lightweight SIMD extension designed for the RISC-V
   Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) that specifically targets multiplication-
   free operations involving 8-bit data and low-bitwidth weights (ranging from
   1 to 2 bits). We have also developed an accompanying library with optimized
   kernels for deploying various AI models using BNRV. Our proposed extension
   significantly accelerates low-bitwidth quantized multiplication (up to 10.95
   × times faster) and lowbitwidth transformer model inference (up to 3.11 ×
   faster), with minimal power overhead (less than 2%) and area overhead (less
   than 4%) compared to processors without BNRV support.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE quantization; risc-v; simd; tinyml
ID computation theory; digital arithmetic; digital storage; reduced instruction
   set computing; bit-width; floating-point multiplication; quantization;
   resource-constrained devices; risc-v; simd; simd extensions; simple++;
   tinyml; training process; program processors

---

UT 394
AR Shah S, 2025, IEEE CONF COMPUT COMMUN WORK INFOCOM WKSHPS, DOI
   10.1109/INFOCOMWKSHPS65812.2025.11152900
TI CosmoLite: Lightweight XAI-based Framework for Secure Next-Generation Space
   Sensor Networks
AU Shah S; Vasava K; Joshi P; Kansara D; Pathak L/1; Gupta R; Kumari A; Tanwar
   S
TC 0
SO IEEE CONF COMPUT COMMUN WORK INFOCOM WKSHPS
PY 2025
AB This paper presents an idea of a TinyML model which can be implemented to
   develop an attack classification system for next-generation space sensor
   networks that is accurate and efficient.  The given framework considers the
   problems that exist in the context of DDoS attack detection in real time in
   limited resource conditions through the use of lightweight models intended
   for deployment on the edges.  The proposed TinyML model attained an
   identification rate of 93.24% that offered significantly higher
   identification rates compared to classical models such as LSTM, GRU, and
   RNN. In addition to the reliable DNA classification done by the model, the
   framework employs SHAP and LIME for the explanation, making it more
   trustworthy.  Based on TinyML research, this work highlights the
   applicability of TinyML for secure and real-time attack detection in space
   sensor networks due to low latency, low resource utilization requirements,
   and high detection accuracy.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ddos attack detection; explainable ai; lightweight models; real-time
   classification; space sensor networks; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); denial-of-service attack; network
   security; next generation networks; sensor networks; attack detection; ddos
   attack; ddos attack detection; explainable ai; lightweight model; real-
   time; real-time classification; sensors network; space sensor network; space
   sensors; tinyml; lime

---

UT 395
AR Fister I, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA, DOI
   10.1109/ACDSA65407.2025.11165850
TI Optimizing Evolutionary Algorithms with a Green Design Framework
AU Fister I; Verber D; Iglesias A; Galvez A; Podgorelec V; Novak D
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI APPL ACDSA
PY 2025
AB Green artificial intelligence represents a new paradigm closely aligned with
   the green transition in the economy.  The main aim is to minimize the
   computational processes' carbon footprint while indirectly reducing these
   methods' time complexity.  This study explores approaches to reducing the
   complexity of evolutionary algorithms, mainly when deployed on resource-
   constrained hardware.  Green evolution strategies are introduced and
   evaluated against compact differential evolution using the IEEE CEC'14
   (Congress on Evolutionary Computation 2014) benchmark suite in this context.
   The results indicate a substantial reduction in solution quality; however,
   this trade-off is offset by a significant decrease in time complexity (up to
   25 % less time complexity). These findings highlight the potential of green
   evolutionary algorithms and motivate further research.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE differential evolution; evolutionary algorithms; greenai; optimization;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; computational complexity; economic and social
   effects; evolutionary algorithms; green computing; benchmark suites;
   computational process; design frameworks; differential evolution; evolution
   strategies; green transitions; greenai; optimizations; time complexity;
   tinyml; optimization

---

UT 396
AR Radwan AY, 2025, JT EUR CONF NETWORKS COMMUN 6G SUMMIT EUCNC/6G SUMMIT -
   PROC, P133, DOI 10.1109/EuCNC/6GSummit63408.2025.11037184
TI Tinyml Nlp Scheme for Semantic Wireless Sentiment Classification with
   Privacy Preservation
AU Radwan AY; Shehab M; Alouini M-S
TC 0
SO JT EUR CONF NETWORKS COMMUN 6G SUMMIT EUCNC/6G SUMMIT - PROC
PY 2025
AB Natural Language Processing (NLP) operations, such as semantic sentiment
   analysis and text synthesis, often raise privacy concerns and demand
   significant on-device computational resources.  Centralized learning (CL) on
   the edge provides an energy-efficient alternative but requires collecting
   raw data, compromising user privacy.  While federated learning (FL) enhances
   privacy, it imposes high computational energy demands on resource-
   constrained devices.  This study provides insights into deploying privacy-
   preserving, energy-efficient NLP models on edge devices.  We introduce
   semantic split learning (SL) as an energy-efficient, privacy-preserving tiny
   machine learning (TinyML) framework and compare it to FL and CL in the
   presence of Rayleigh fading and additive noise.  Our results show that SL
   significantly reduces computational power and CO2 emissions while enhancing
   privacy, as evidenced by a fourfold increase in reconstruction error
   compared to FL and nearly eighteen times that of CL. In contrast, FL offers
   a balanced trade-off between privacy and efficiency.  Our code is available
   for replication at our GitHub repository:
   https://github.com/AhmedRadwan02/TinyEco2AI-NLP. © 2025 IEEE.
DE federated learning; nlp; semantic communication; split-learning; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; energy efficiency; federated learning; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; privacy-preserving
   techniques; semantics; sentiment analysis; centralized; energy efficient;
   language processing; machine learning; natural language processing; natural
   languages; privacy-preserving; semantic communication; split-learning; tiny
   machine learning; economic and social effects

---

UT 398
AR Brian KJ, 2025, IEEE INT CONF COMPUT VIS MACH INTELL CVMI, DOI
   10.1109/CVMI66673.2025.11337268
TI Low-Cost IoT and TinyML for Offline Early Chronic Disease Risk
   Identification in African Communities
AU Brian KJ; Ogore M
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMPUT VIS MACH INTELL CVMI
PY 2025
AB In Africa, at least 41% deaths are a result of chronic diseases such as
   Cardiovascular diseases, Diabetes mellitus and Hypertension.  Still, early
   detection is not easy, particularly in poorer communities with scarce
   resources, laboratories, technology, and sometimes even an internet
   connection.  This paper presents a cost-effective, offline-capable Internet
   of Things (IoT) and Machine Learning (ML) system to identify individuals at
   risk of chronic diseases in resource-constrained environments.  The proposed
   solution integrates wearable sensors with an embedded deep neural network
   (DNN) that operates locally on a microcontroller, enabling real-time
   inference without reliance on continuous cloud access.  Training in the UCI
   Heart Disease dataset, the model achieved 85% accuracy, 84.2% precision,
   73.4% recall, and an AUC of 0.82, validating its predictive performance.
   This novel concept proves that large-scale empowerment of the marginalised
   populace through AI-based healthcare screening tools can enable timely
   intervention to help save vulnerable persons' lives.  The cost of the
   gadgets per installed device was below one hundred USD for the overall
   hardware, which is lower in comparison to similar products.  Transmission
   shows that data loss did not exceed 5 per cent.  It also suggests using AI-
   based mHealth solutions to monitor the health of vulnerable African
   populations without significant scalability challenges.  It highlights the
   potential for digital innovation to support early intervention and reduce
   preventable deaths.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; chronic diseases; digital health; edge computing;
   ehealth; health informatics; internet of things ( iot ); machine learning;
   mhealth; predictive modeling
ID cardiology; cost effectiveness; diagnosis; diseases; distributed computer
   systems; health risks; internet of things; learning systems; machine
   learning; medical computing; medical informatics; screening; wearable
   sensors; chronic disease; digital health; edge computing; ehealth; health
   informatics; internet of thing; low-costs; machine learning; offline;
   predictive models; mhealth

---

UT 402
AR Tsoo HY, 2025, SN COMPUT SCI, V6, DOI 10.1007/s42979-025-04270-0
TI Deployment of Speaker Identification System onto ESP32-DevKitC
   Microcontroller Using Neural Network and TensorFlow Lite
AU Tsoo HY; Ting TM; Chow LS
TC 0
SO SN COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB Embedded development of speaker identification models is often driven by the
   demand of highly optimized biometric voice systems.  Despite the recent
   advances in speaker identification systems, developing an embedded
   artificial intelligence application comes with performance and resource
   constraints, such as computational power and memory limitations.  This study
   focuses on how a speaker identification neural network is designed to meet
   deployment criteria on a microcontroller and how the Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) approach and TensorFlow framework are positioned to solve complex
   issues in neural network deployment.  The performances of two lightweight
   models of multilayer perceptron (MLP) and convolutional neural network (CNN)
   are compared to select a superior neural network architecture for speaker
   identification system deployment on the microcontroller.  A TensorFlow model
   is then created with the selected MLP architecture due to its good accuracy,
   smaller model size, and shorter training time.  The model is further
   converted into a TensorFlow Lite model and optimized using full integer
   quantization with integer float fallback, resulting in a model with a high
   accuracy of 99.0%, a small file size of 22.98 kB, and a short inference time
   of 1.56 ms for every prediction cycle.  The optimized model is deployed onto
   an ESP32-DevKitC microcontroller.  It successfully predicts the identity of
   speakers based on utterances fed from the terminal, demonstrating the high
   accuracy of TinyML on embedded systems.  The power consumption of the
   speaker identification system on the ESP32-DevKitC microcontroller was 48.80
   mW at 10 MHz operating frequency.  The battery life calculated with a
   single-cell lithium-ion battery rated at 1000 mAh is 75.82 h.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
   2025.
DE embedded ai; neural network; speaker identification; tensor flow lite;
   tinyml

---

UT 405
AR Shah B, 2025, SMART GRID CONF SGC, DOI 10.1109/SGC69320.2025.11372293
TI TinyML-Driven Lightweight Trojan Detection Framework for Smart Grid Wireless
   Security
AU Shah B; Shah D; Chandel D; Gupta R; Tanwar S; Datt R; Shahinzadeh H;
   Gharehpetian GB
TC 0
SO SMART GRID CONF SGC
PY 2025
AB One of the defining features of smart grid systems is their improved system
   efficiency and bi-directional power flow making them prime targets for
   sophisticated cyber threats - Trojan attacks, in particular - that threaten
   the integrity of its critical infrastructure.  While traditional machine
   learning approaches in cybersecurity work well, they rely upon significant
   computational and memory resources that makes resource consumption
   impractical for deployment to the many edge devices commonly found in the
   smart grid network.  This paper describes a state-of-the-art AI-based Trojan
   identification strategy designed for real-time use in smart power systems
   through the connection between cutting-edge AI onto security, as well as
   practical equipment constraints.  Three-tier data collection of the smart
   grid devices, lightweight machine learning model by using quantization
   methods, and intelligent threat response mechanisms are the architecture
   brought forth.  We attempt to assess several algorithms such as Random
   Forest, Artificial Neural Networks (ANN), Decision Trees, and Linear Support
   Vector Machines (SVM) in whole and quantized forms.  The experimental
   results demonstrate that it is possible to achieve an outstanding model in
   terms of compression ratio without any major loss in detection and with
   extremely high levels of detection as in case of the Tiny Random Forest
   where it is possible to reach 99.39 percent of the accuracy when compared to
   the full model scoring 99.15 percent yet lowering the storage sizes even to
   4.0KB (87 percent compression). Based on a detailed assessment prediction
   results based on confusion matrices and ROC-AUC analysis, the classification
   skills of the TinyML models with expected AUC of at least above 0.986 are
   powerful in terms of classification ability through all the quantized
   versions of the models.  With respect to this, the bright future of
   efficient, accurately weight-sensitive cybersecurity services on enhanced
   IoT-enabled smart grid infrastructures has been set and this is followed by
   potential secure and sustainable standards in the modern power systems.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE cybersecurity; edge ai; inference time; quantization; smart grid; tinyml;
   trojan detection
ID compression ratio ( machinery ); cybersecurity; decision trees; digital
   storage; electric power system security; electric power transmission
   networks; machine learning; malware; network security; public works; random
   forests; smart power grids; vector quantization; cyber security; detection
   framework; edge ai; inference time; quantization; random forests; smart
   grid; tinyml; trojan detections; trojans; real-time systems

---

UT 406
AR Chen J/4, 2025, PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN IEEE INT CONF
   DATA SCI SYST IEEE INT CONF SMART CITY IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABILITY SENS
   CLOUD BIG DATA SYST APPL IEEE INT CONF EMBED SOFTW SYST
   HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS/ICESS, P1121, DOI 10.1109/HPCC67675.2025.00161
TI Lightweight MCU Implementation (Under 512KB Flash and 256KB RAM) of Neural
   Networks for Bird Call Classification
AU Chen J/4; Ye TT
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI SYST IEEE
   INT CONF SMART CITY IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABILITY SENS CLOUD BIG DATA SYST
   APPL IEEE INT CONF EMBED SOFTW SYST HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS/ICESS
PY 2025
AB Neural network implementation on resourceconstrained MCUs for edge devices
   had always been a challenging task, where both the computation logics as
   well as parameter storage have to be counted and utilized efficiently.  In
   this paper, we propose techniques including lightweight architectural
   modifications, mixed-precision quantization, and knowledge distillation to
   implement a complete neural network under tightly budgeted hardware
   resources.  An optimized SqueezeNet network, called BirdCallNet is
   constructed for bird call classification and used as a case study to
   demonstrate these techniques.  The bird call Mel spectrograms are resized to
   112 × 112 single-channel inputs, and the model was quantized (with symmetric
   quantization for weights and asymmetric quantization for activations)
   through ONNX Runtime from FP32 to INT8. The architecture is refined by
   replacing standard convolutions with time-frequency separable convolutions
   and integrating efficient channel attention (ECA) blocks, further improving
   performance under tight constraints.  The BirdCallNet can be successfully
   executed on a 32-bit microcontroller (STM32H743IIT6) with only 512KB (around
   438KB) flash and 256 KB (around 228 KB) of RAM, with the performance
   comparable to other implementations with much more hardware overhead.  A
   Python-based GUI is built that allows audio files to be transformed into Mel
   spectrograms for real-time processing.  The techniques proposed in this
   paper could be used as guidelines for neural network implementation on edge
   devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE bird call classification; quantized neural networks; stm32; tinyml; x-cube-
   ai
ID budget control; neural networks; plants ( botany ); random access storage;
   spectrographs; architectural modification; bird call classifications; mixed
   precision; neural networks; quantization; quantized neural network;
   spectrograms; stm32; tinyml; x-cube-ai; birds; convolution

---

UT 412
AR Duan R, 2025, INT CONF INTERNET THINGS AUTOM ARTIF INTELL IOTAAI, P603, DOI
   10.1109/IoTAAI66837.2025.11213443
TI A Sleep Apnea Detection Method Based on Tiny Machine Learning
AU Duan R; Jin H
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTERNET THINGS AUTOM ARTIF INTELL IOTAAI
PY 2025
AB According to incomplete statistics, approximately 936 million people
   worldwide suffer from sleep apnea.  Currently, the gold standard for
   diagnosing sleep apnea clinically is polysomnography (PSG). However, due to
   its requirement for specialized sleep laboratories and medical supervision,
   many patients cannot receive timely diagnosis and treatment.  This paper
   proposes a sleep apnea detection method based on Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML), aiming to embed machine learning models for detecting sleep apnea.
   The method extracts Mel filter banks (FBanks) features from snoring sounds
   for recognition.  When snoring associated with sleep apnea is detected,
   classification is further performed using ECG, blood oxygen saturation, and
   heart rate to categorize the specific types of sleep apnea.  Knowledge
   distillation, cost-sensitive learning, and quantization techniques are used
   to deploy the model on the ESP32 S3 platform.  The model's size is reduced
   by 91.7% with a 0.53% loss in accuracy through mixed-precision quantization.
   Additionally, the average accuracy for snoring recognition is 95.26%, and
   for obstructive sleep apnea, mixed sleep apnea, and hypoventilation, the
   average accuracy is 90%. The results show that our proposed multimodal
   physiological signal-based sleep apnea detection method effectively
   classifies three types of sleep apnea conditions.  This method can be used
   for home healthcare in initial screening for sleep apnea and assessing
   treatment effectiveness.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE multi-modal physiological signals; sleep apnea; snoring recognition; tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; diagnosis; learning systems; machine learning;
   patient treatment; physiology; respiratory mechanics; apnoea detection
   methods; machine learning; multi-modal; multi-modal physiological signal;
   physiological signals; quantization; sleep apnea; sleep apnea detection;
   snoring recognition; tiny machine learning; sleep research

---

UT 414
AR Sakthi Kumar B, 2025, INT CONF EMERG APPLIC MATER SCI TECHNOL ICEAMST, P808,
   DOI 10.1109/ICEAMST67459.2025.11335962
TI Integrated Safety Helmet with TinyML for Real-Time Anomaly Detection in
   Aviation Crew
AU Sakthi Kumar B; Logitha Luckshmi VJ; Nagalakshmi S; Nandhakishore C; Naveen
   PR
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMERG APPLIC MATER SCI TECHNOL ICEAMST
PY 2025
AB This paper describes a lightweight smart helmet system designed for aviation
   personnel to detect cognitive issues like drowsiness, fatigue, and stress in
   real time using electroencephalography (EEG) signals.  The system
   continuously monitors brain activity through wearable IoTbased sensors and
   analyzes data onboard without needing cloud connectivity.  A pre-trained
   TinyML model runs on an ESP32 microcontroller to process the EEG data,
   classifying the user's mental state with low latency and energy use.  When
   it detects drowsiness, an integrated buzzer in the cockpit alerts the pilot
   immediately to help regain their attention.  The method includes EEG signal
   acquisition, noise filtering, feature extraction, and neural network-based
   classification optimized for embedded systems.  This method removes reliance
   on GPS or wireless communication, improving operational reliability in low-
   connectivity aviation situations.  The proposed model acts as a proactive
   safety measure that helps support crew performance, situational awareness,
   and adherence to aviation safety standards.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; aviation safety; brain computer interface; eeg; real-time
   monitoring and cockpit alert system; smart helmet; tinyml; wearable iot
ID anomaly detection; aviation; biomedical signal processing; brain; brain
   mapping; cognitive systems; digital avionics; electrophysiology; embedded
   systems; feature extraction; neural networks; neurophysiology; safety
   devices; safety engineering; wearable computers; wearable sensors; alert
   systems; anomaly detection; aviation safety; integrated safeties; real-time
   monitoring; real-time anomaly detections; real-time monitoring and cockpit
   alert system; smart helmet; tinyml; wearable iot; brain computer interface;
   electroencephalography

---

UT 415
AR Essakki Gomathy P, 2025, PROC INT CONF INNOV MECH IND APPL ICIMIA, P93, DOI
   10.1109/ICIMIA67127.2025.11200680
TI Lightweight TinyML-based Anomaly Detection for Intelligent Robotic Process
   Automation Workflows
AU Essakki Gomathy P; Bagavathi Lakshmi R
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INNOV MECH IND APPL ICIMIA
PY 2025
AB Robotic Process Automation (RPA) has immensely automated manual business
   processes in industry, finance, and administration.  Nevertheless, the
   traditional RPA bots are still predominantly reactive, i.e., they cannot
   make intelligent decisions to identify anomalies or other atypical behavior
   in real time.  This paper introduces a lightweight, embedded anomaly
   detection framework based on TinyML to provide RPA systems with a self-
   monitoring tier of intelligence.  The suggested approach uses data on the
   structured event logs of the payment request processes, which are handled
   through feature engineering, outlier mitigation, and normalization of the
   full-scale process.  A small 1D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) was
   trained to classify anomalous patterns, achieving 94% accuracy and
   the.tflite model was deployed using Edge Impulse to be compatible with the
   microcontroller.  The experimental evaluation effectively identified
   suspicious transactions based on time, amount, and pattern deviations.  The
   system was tested and validated on real data from the BPI Challenge 2020
   task.  The study would be valuable in understanding scalable AI embedment at
   the specific stage of RPA to allow proactive anomaly detection to move
   beyond the intelligent automation systems of the previous generation.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE 1d convolutional neural network; anomaly detection; edge computing; edge
   impulse; embedded ai; intelligent automation; isolation forest; machine
   learning on microcontrollers; real-time anomaly detection; robotic process
   automation; tensorflow lite; tinyml; workflow monitoring
ID administrative data processing; convolution; convolutional neural networks;
   edge computing; edge detection; robotics; 1d convolutional neural network;
   anomaly detection; convolutional neural network; edge computing; edge
   impulse; embedded ai; intelligent automation; isolation forest; machine
   learning on microcontroller; machine learning; process automation; real-time
   anomaly detections; robotic process automation; tensorflow lite; tinyml;
   workflow monitoring; anomaly detection; microcontrollers

---

UT 416
AR Sanchez S, 2025, C3 - IEEE COLOMB CARIBB CONF, DOI
   10.1109/C366505.2025.11340545
TI Deep Learning Model for Firearm Detection Based on Tinyml and Edgeia
   Architectures in Smart Cities
AU Sanchez S; Baldovino C; Arias C; Restrepo B; Gómez J; Morales A
TC 0
SO C3 - IEEE COLOMB CARIBB CONF
PY 2025
AB Early detection of firearms in urban environments is a critical component of
   modern public security systems, enabling the anticipation of risk situations
   and the mitigation of criminal and violent acts.  Traditional video
   surveillance systems face significant limitations, such as the need for
   continuous human supervision, low real time response capacity, and poor
   scalability across multiple critical zones.  In this context, we propose a
   firearm detection model based on deep learning techniques optimized for low
   power devices through the use of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and Edge
   Artificial Intelligence (Edge AI). This solution enables on device
   inference, reducing latency and dependence on cloud computing
   infrastructure.  The system was implemented and evaluated on embedded
   platforms such as the Sipeed Maixduino and Raspberry Pi 4 Model B,
   integrating quantized convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures
   trained with firearm image datasets in diverse contexts.  As a result, the
   MobileNet7_5 architecture was trained, achieving precision, recall, and
   F1-Score metrics of 0.98, 0.94, and 0.96, respectively.  These results
   demonstrate the feasibility of edge based video surveillance.  This approach
   fosters the development of scalable, autonomous, and cost effective
   solutions for smart cities, aligned with principles of energy efficiency and
   proactive surveillance.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; mcu; tinyml; tops; video surveillance
ID architecture; computer architecture; deep learning; distributed computer
   systems; embedded systems; green computing; guns ( armament ); learning
   systems; network architecture; real-time systems; security systems; smart
   city; critical component; edge artificial intelligence; learning models;
   machine learning; mcu; public security; tiny machine learning; top; urban
   environments; video surveillance; cost effectiveness

---

UT 417
AR Wentzel F, 2025, BUILDSYS - PROC ACM INT CONF SYST ENERGY-EFFIC BUILD CITIES
   TRANSP, P271, DOI 10.1145/3736425.3772007
TI Learning on the Edge for Sensor Role Allocation in BLE IoT devices
AU Wentzel F; Ramanathan G; Pourmirza Z; Wang S
TC 0
SO BUILDSYS - PROC ACM INT CONF SYST ENERGY-EFFIC BUILD CITIES TRANSP
PY 2025
AB Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) consist of distributed, resource-constrained
   sensor nodes that report on ambient environmental conditions and thus enable
   Building Automation (BA) systems to control technical systems.  The embedded
   systems, in such WSNs, have to be rigorously optimised for power consumption
   because of their reliance on constrained energy sources (e.g., tiny
   batteries or energy harvested from the ambient). Despite significant
   progress in energy efficiency and usage, the potential for further
   improvement through intelligent allocation of sensors, in conjunction with
   the operation of the BA system has not been fully explored.  This work aims
   to address this issue by using a machine learning model implemented using
   TinyML to intelligently allocate sensing tasks based on the needs of the
   automation system.  Our system estimates the residual battery capacity of
   asynchronous sensor nodes using TinyML, enabling a centralised automation
   orchestrator to dynamically adjust the sensor node's duty cycling to meet BA
   sensing requirements.  Preliminary results show improved efficiency in
   utilising the available energy and higher efficacy in fulfilling the tasks.
   © 2025 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE bluetooth low energy; building automation systems; tinyml; wireless sensor
   networks
ID automation; distributed computer systems; electric batteries; embedded
   systems; energy efficiency; intelligent buildings; internet of things;
   learning systems; machine learning; ambients; bluetooth low energy; building
   automation systems; distributed resources; energy; lower energies; role
   allocation; sensors network; tinyml; wireless sensor; sensor nodes

---

UT 418
AR Verma P, 2025, INT CONF SIGNAL PROCESS SECUR ICSPIS, DOI
   10.1109/ICSPIS67605.2025.11318372
TI LLM and Quantum-Secured Nano Traffic Anomaly Detection for Military
   Spacecraft in Battlefields
AU Verma P; Patel D; Vyas K; Pathak L/1; Gupta R; Tanwar S; Gawanmeh A
TC 0
SO INT CONF SIGNAL PROCESS SECUR ICSPIS
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a quantum-secured nano-traffic anomaly detection
   framework enhanced by Large Language Models (LLMs) for 5G-enabled
   battlefield networks in military spacecraft.  The system integrates quantum
   key distribution for secure communication, nanoscale sensing for ultra-fast
   traffic monitoring, and deep recurrent neural architectures for adaptive
   anomaly detection.  Among RNN-based models, LSTM and GRU optimized with
   Nadam and RMSprop achieved up to 98% validation accuracy, confirming the
   efficiency of adaptive optimizers in dynamic network conditions.  The
   framework further leverages LLM-driven reasoning to interpret and classify
   complex threat patterns, attaining benchmark scores above 0.90 on ROUGE-1,
   BLEU, and METEOR metrics, with Gemma2 9B IT demonstrating strong
   performance.  Overall, the proposed architecture ensures secure, low-
   latency, and intelligent threat detection, providing a scalable and
   resilient defense mechanism for space-based military communication systems.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE 5g battlefield networks; explainable ai ( shap lime ); gru; large language
   models; lstm; nano-scale traffic anomaly detection; quantum key
   distribution; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; memory architecture; military communications; network
   security; quantum communication; quantum cryptography; space flight;
   telecommunication traffic; 5g battlefield network; battlefield networks;
   explainable ai ( shap lime ); gru; key distribution; language model; large
   language model; lstm; nano-scale; nano-scale traffic anomaly detection;
   quantum key; tinyml; traffic anomaly detections; network architecture

---

UT 420
AR Bhatt S, 2025, PROC IEEE INT CONF CONTEMP COMPUT COMMUN INC4, DOI
   10.1109/InC465408.2025.11256366
TI FinGuard: TinyML-based Framework for Anomaly Detection in Meta Gaming
   Financial Transactions
AU Bhatt S; Shah Y; Shah P; Pathak L/1; Gupta R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF CONTEMP COMPUT COMMUN INC4
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a novel TinyML-based lightweight solution for the meta
   gaming financial transactions anomaly detection in constrained environments
   like the edges.  The framework provides the essential capability of
   processing transactional data, and then arranging it into risk-based
   categories, by utilizing a powerful preprocessing module, and a simple, yet
   effective model.  It makes 98% accurate results, 0.97 recall, and a
   precision of 0.96 of TinyML, and this model is comparatively better than a
   traditional model, LSTM, GRU, CNN1D. TinyML requires a mere 45 seconds to
   train its model while it only uses 300 KB of space meaning that it can
   practically work with any platform and respond in real time.  The framework
   also includes a governance and security layer for protecting financial
   transactions, increasing the stability of meta gaming environment.  This
   work, therefore, presents a wide possibility of extension to other fields
   such as IoT and health, where the detection of anomalous events must be
   efficient and light.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; edge devices; financial transactions; lightweight
   framework; meta gaming; precision; resource efficiency; scalability; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; data handling; edge detection; finance; anomaly
   detection; edge device; financial transactions; lightweight frameworks; meta
   gaming; precision; resource efficiencies; risk-based; tinyml; transactional
   data; scalability

---

UT 423
AR Kudrin-Gusten C, 2025, CONF PROC - IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTIF
   INTELL NEURAL ENG METROXRAINE, P25, DOI
   10.1109/MetroXRAINE66377.2025.11340490
TI TinyML-Based Hazardous Gas Detection for Intelligent Personal Protective
   Equipment
AU Kudrin-Gusten C; Kuhl M; Barth V; Yu H/1
TC 0
SO CONF PROC - IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTIF INTELL NEURAL ENG
   METROXRAINE
PY 2025
AB The increasing integration of artificial intelligence (AI) into safety-
   critical systems has given rise to innovative approaches for real-time
   monitoring of a variety of dangerous conditions in personal protective
   equipment (PPE) [1]. In various sectors, such as the fire service and the
   chemical industry, there are a large number of gases that pose a potential
   risk to workers.  [2] The use of a gas detection system, integrated in the
   PPE, can be effective in containing this risk.  The focus of this study is
   the presentation of a Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)-based approach that
   combines modern MEMS-MOS sensors with a lightweight neural network on an
   ESP32-C6 to enable the precise detection of hazardous substances under
   varying environmental conditions.  It has been demonstrated through
   experimental comparisons that the TinyML-based system offers significant
   improvements in terms of reduced response time and enhanced detection
   accuracy.  Indeed, experimental findings have shown that these gains have
   been achieved from an average of 70-85% using conventional signal
   thresholding methods to up to 100% using TinyML-based classification.  This
   was achieved in detecting high-concentration ethanol (99.9%) and distilled
   water, while maintaining strong performance across other gas types and
   conditions.  Specifically, the TinyML-based system has been shown to reduce
   alerting time by almost half and achieve a higher classification accuracy,
   which represents a substantial added value in emergency situations.  The
   adaptive modelling also enables robust performance despite fluctuating
   environmental parameters, underlining the potential of Tiny ML as a key
   technology for improving safety in high-risk areas and paving the way for
   the next generation of intelligent PPE solutions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; gas detection; tinyml
ID chemical industry; emergency services; environmental technology; hazards;
   learning systems; neural networks; occupational risks; real-time systems;
   risk assessment; service industry; condition; fire services; gas detection;
   hazardous gas; innovative approaches; machine learning; personal protective
   equipment; real-time monitoring; safety critical systems; tiny machine
   learning; gas detectors

---

UT 426
AR Amininasab M, 2025, PROC - INT SYMP QUAL ELECTRON DES ISQED, DOI
   10.1109/ISQED65160.2025.11014445
TI Sharp-Edge: A Robust Edge Computing Solution Through Performance Monitoring
   Using Tiny Machine Learning
AU Amininasab M; Fazeli M; Patooghy A
TC 0
SO PROC - INT SYMP QUAL ELECTRON DES ISQED
PY 2025
AB Conventional reliability improvement methods might not be efficient
   solutions for Edge systems where limited hardware and processing resources
   are available.  To address this gap, this paper proposes the application of
   performance monitoring metrics of the central processing unit used in Edge
   devices for reliability improvement purposes.  We have utilized the
   performance monitoring toolset, PERF, along with the LLFI fault injection
   tool to inject a variety of fault models into a prototypical Edge processor
   while running Mibench benchmark programs.  The injected faults are used to
   collect a dataset showcasing the behavior of the system under various
   reliability conditions.  The collected dataset is then used to train machine
   learning models that can help with runtime monitoring and detection of
   possible fault situations on the Edge system.  Our experiments show that
   trained models can achieve a high fault detection accuracy of 91.5%.
   Implementations of the tiny machine-learning models showed that we can keep
   accuracy above 90% while model summarization methods helped save more than
   80% of the model parameters.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge devices; fault detection; machine learning; reliability; tinyml
ID computing solutions; edge computing; edge device; faults detection; machine
   learning models; machine learning; performance-monitoring; reliability
   improvement; sharp edges; tinyml

---

UT 429
AR Diab A, 2025, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG COMPUT ETECOM, DOI
   10.1109/ETECOM66111.2025.11319100
TI Intrusion Detection on Resource-Constrained IoT Devices with Hardware-Aware
   ML and DL
AU Diab A; Chehade A; Ragusa E; Gastaldo P/1; Zunino R/1; Baghdadi A; Rizk M
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TRENDS ENG COMPUT ETECOM
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a hardware-aware intrusion detection system (IDS) for
   Internet of Things (IoT) and Industrial IoT (IIoT) networks; it targets
   scenarios where classification is essential for fast, privacy-preserving,
   and resource-efficient threat detection.  The goal is to optimize both tree-
   based machine learning (ML) models and compact deep neural networks (DNNs)
   within strict edge-device constraints.  This allows for a fair comparison
   and reveals trade-offs between model families.  We apply constrained grid
   search for tree-based classifiers and hardware-aware neural architecture
   search (HW-NAS) for 1D convolutional neural networks (1D-CNNs). Evaluation
   on the Edge-IIoTset benchmark shows that selected models meet tight flash,
   RAM, and compute limits: LightGBM achieves 95.3% accuracy using 75KB flash
   and 1.2K operations, while the HW-NAS-optimized CNN reaches 97.2% with 190KB
   flash and 840K floating-point operations (FLOPs). We deploy the full
   pipeline on a Raspberry Pi 3 B+, confirming that tree-based models operate
   within 30ms and that CNNs remain suitable when accuracy outweighs latency.
   These results highlight the practicality of hardware-constrained model
   design for real-time IDS at the edge.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge ai; hardware-aware nas; intrusion detection; lightweight deep learning;
   tinyml; traffic classification
ID classification ( of information ); computer hardware; convolutional neural
   networks; data privacy; deep neural networks; digital arithmetic; forestry;
   hardware security; internet of things; intrusion detection; learning
   systems; network intrusion; network security; telecommunication traffic;
   edge ai; hardware-aware nas; intrusion detection systems; intrusion
   detection; lightweight deep learning; machine learning; neural
   architectures; tinyml; traffic classification; tree-based; economic and
   social effects

---

UT 430
AR Martinez-Rau LS, 2025, PROC IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT, DOI
   10.1109/WF-IoT64238.2025.11270573
TI Adaptive Noise Resilient Keyword Spotting Using One-Shot Learning
AU Martinez-Rau LS; Vu QNP; Zhang Y/4; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT
PY 2025
AB Keyword spotting (KWS) is a key component of smart devices, enabling
   efficient and intuitive audio interaction.  However, standard KWS systems
   deployed on embedded devices often suffer performance degradation under
   real-world operating conditions.  Resilient KWS systems address this issue
   by enabling dynamic adaptation, with applications such as adding or
   replacing keywords, adjusting to specific users, and improving noise
   robustness.  However, deploying resilient, standalone KWS systems with low
   latency on resource-constrained devices remains challenging due to limited
   memory and computational resources.  This study proposes a low computational
   approach for continuous noise adaptation of pretrained neural networks used
   for KWS classification, requiring only 1-shot learning and one epoch.  The
   proposed method was assessed using two pretrained models and three real-
   world noise sources at signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs) ranging from 24 to -3
   dB. The adapted models consistently outperformed the pretrained models
   across all scenarios, especially at SNR≤18 dB, achieving accuracy
   improvements of 4.9% to 46.0%. These results highlight the efficacy of the
   proposed methodology while being lightweight enough for deployment on
   resource-constrained devices.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE keyword spotting; low power microcontroller; machine learning; on-device
   learning; on-device training; tinyml
ID acoustic noise; audio systems; embedded systems; intelligent systems;
   learning systems; low power electronics; neural networks; keyword spotting;
   keyword spotting systems; low power microcontrollers; machine learning;
   noise ratio; on-device learning; on-device training; resource-constrained
   devices; signal to noise; tinyml; signal to noise ratio

---

UT 431
AR Pinto ÉS, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-26782-8
TI Development of a bench system with capacitive sensor, sample compression,
   and TinyML for iron ore moisture measurement
AU Pinto ÉS; Matos SN; Neiva M; Santos GA; Marcolino LS; Ueyama J; Euzébio TAM;
   Pessin G; Pritzelwitz PV; Segundo AKR
TC 0
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB In the mineral sector, many processes use water for ore beneficiation
   processes.  A lack of sensing or control of water content can lead to
   operational problems in various mineral processing operations, especially in
   ore transport.  Current instrumentation systems are either slow or
   inaccurate.  Therefore, a novel bench system was developed to address this
   gap by achieving a fast response time and improved accuracy.  The developed
   instrument measures the ore moisture by using the real-dual-frequency method
   (RDFM) to assess the ore’s electrical conductivity and relative
   permittivity.  Additionally, it takes into account the bulk density, the
   bench chamber level, and the compress torque.  All these variables are used
   to create a tiny machine-learning (TinyML) model that evaluates the ore’s
   moisture with a low time response.  This process is done while the ore
   sample is compressed to reduce air bubbles inside the samples and improve
   measurement.  Experiments were performed using the bench system in a mining
   company’s physical analysis laboratory.  The instrument was utilized to
   measure the moisture content in the ore, leading to the development of a
   dataset used to train and validate various tree-based tinyML models.  The
   results indicate that ore compression enhances accuracy and that decision
   trees are effective for estimating moisture with a quicker response time.  ©
   The Author(s) 2025.
ID iron; mineral; adult; article; bulk density; capacitive sensor; compression;
   decision tree; electric conductivity; humidity; machine learning; mining;
   moisture; reaction time; torque; water; water content

---

UT 433
AR Gibney E, 2025, NAT, V647, P834, DOI 10.1038/d41586-025-03379-9
TI ‘Tiny’ AI model beats massive LLMs at logic test
AU Gibney E
TC 0
SO NAT
PY 2025
AB Technique could be used as a cheap way to boost ability of other AI models.
   © Springer Nature Limited 2025.
DE computer science; machine learning
ID artificial general intelligence; artificial intelligence; human; large
   language model; note; adult; computer; logic; machine learning; male; middle
   aged; note

---

UT 434
AR Mao Q, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, DOI 10.1109/TITS.2025.3589268
TI TinyML-Driven Distributed Collaborative Computing for Autonomous Vehicle
   Groups in Open Scenes
AU Mao Q; Qiao S; Yao J; Xie Y/1; Cui Z; Lyu Z
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB Existing implementations of autonomous vehicle groups focus on structured
   environments, overlooking challenges such as centralized computation
   bottlenecks, environmental interference, and the varied capabilities of
   vehicles in dynamic open scenes.  To address these issues, this paper
   proposes a TinyML-based distributed framework for autonomous vehicle groups
   in open scenes.  First, a hierarchical collaborative computing architecture
   is introduced, featuring adaptive inter-vehicle links across four
   specialized computational units.  Second, a method for predicting link
   quality, which accounts for interference, is developed by using TinyLSTM to
   assess communication channels dynamically under real-world disturbances.
   Third, a heterogeneous group formation model is proposed, integrating
   objectives of computational synergy, stability, and efficiency, and solving
   it by using an improved discrete particle swarm optimization algorithm.
   Finally, the simulation results demonstrate that TLPP outperforms existing
   methods in terms of MAE, FLOPs, and parameters, while DF-A excels in
   computational synergy, stability, and efficiency.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE autonomous vehicle group; distributed computing; open scenes; tinyml

---

UT 436
AR Fusco P/1, 2025, INTERNET THING, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2025.101820
TI Combining epsilon-greedy reinforcement learning based gradient
   sparsification and siamese neural networks for few-shot federated tinyML
   intrusion detection in IoT
AU Fusco P/1; Palmieri F; Ficco M
TC 0
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2025
AB The rapid expansion of the Internet of Things (IoT) has introduced
   significant cybersecurity risks, implying the need for lightweight edge-
   level intrusion detection systems (IDS). On-device training and federated
   learning (FL) enable collaborative construction of unified models using
   field data, ensuring data privacy preservation.  However, repetitive global
   model updates and parameter transmission, particularly over IoT
   architectures characterized by limited bandwidth or intermittent
   connectivity, can result in significant network latency, as well as in
   unsustainable energy consumption for the involved resource-constrained IoT-
   edge devices.  Moreover, collecting a sufficient set of realistic attack
   samples in situ is often difficult, resulting in highly imbalanced datasets
   that limit distributed training.  To overcome these limitations, we combined
   Siamese Neural Networks (SNNs) and gradient sparsification, enabling IoT-
   edge devices to support privacy-preserving few-shot FL and model compression
   needed to train a shared IDS model collaboratively by using very few samples
   and optimizing the communication overhead during model updates,
   respectively.  The percentage of gradient sparsification is dynamically
   selected at each training round through an epsilon-greedy exploration-
   exploitation strategy, allowing the system to balance adaptively the trade-
   off between communication savings and detection performance.  To accommodate
   a model sparsification few-shot learning strategy in IoT environments, a
   distributed IDS based on federated SNNs has been proposed and tested on
   constrained microcontroller units.  It is validated using the CSE-CIC-
   IDS2018 dataset.  It demonstrates that the SNN-based IDS, when augmented
   with FL and gradient sparsification, achieves high performance even under
   network bandwidth limitations, as well as reduced and unbalanced training
   data constraints, highlighting its potential for secure and privacy-aware
   IoT-edge applications.  © 2025 Elsevier B.V.
DE federated learning; few-shot learning; gradient sparsification; iot; mcu;
   reinforcement learning; snn

---

UT 440
AR Ogliari E, 2025, ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC, DOI
   10.1109/APPEEC66370.2025.11382158
TI TinyML based monitoring and diagnosis system to enable the European battery
   digital passport
AU Ogliari E; Mussetta M; Carratù M; Paciello V; Pietrosanto A; Pafumi E;
   Ferrigno L/1; Milano F
TC 0
SO ASIA-PACIFIC POW ENERGY ENG CONF APPEEC
PY 2025
AB The European Union mandates comprehensive battery digital passports for EV
   and industrial batteries above 2 kWh capacity starting February 2027. This
   paper presents a TinyML-based monitoring system that enables real-time
   battery parameters estimation to support digital passport requirements using
   voltage (V), current (I), and temperature (T) measurements.  Two neural
   network architectures were evaluated: an Artificial Neural Network (ANN)
   with 6.5K parameters and a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) with 24.5K
   parameters.  Both models were quantized to 8-bit precision and deployed on
   an STM32F413ZHT6 microcontroller with ESP32-WROOM-32E for cloud
   connectivity.  Experimental validation was performed using a case study of
   State of Charge estimation for a 20 Ah Lithium Iron Phosphate battery.  The
   ANN model achieved superior performance with a Mean Absolute Error below
   5.3% and a Root Mean Square Error below 6.7%, while consuming only 6.36 kB
   of flash memory and 0.35 kB of scratch memory.  The quantized models showed
   minimal accuracy degradation compared to full-precision versions.  The
   proposed system provides a cost-effective solution for continuous battery
   monitoring, supporting regulatory compliance while enabling predictive
   diagnostics and enhanced safety management throughout the battery lifecycle.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE energy storage; machine learning; tinyml
ID charging ( batteries ); convolutional neural networks; cost effectiveness;
   flash memory; intelligent systems; iron compounds; lithium batteries;
   lithium compounds; mean square error; memory architecture; regulatory
   compliance; diagnose system; digital passports; energy; european union;
   machine learning; monitoring and diagnosis; monitoring system; parameters
   estimation; real- time; tinyml; learning systems

---

UT 442
AR Hou J, 2025, IEEE INT CONF MOB NETWORKS WIREL COMMUN ICMNWC, DOI
   10.1109/ICMNWC66779.2025.11354227
TI TinyML Motion Classification System for Low-Power Smart Bracelets:
   Deployment and Energy Optimization of Ultra-Lightweight DNNs on MCUs
AU Hou J; Shao K; Wang L
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF MOB NETWORKS WIREL COMMUN ICMNWC
PY 2025
AB Most motion classification methods rely on highpower processors and are
   difficult to run efficiently on resourceconstrained microcontrollers (MCUs).
   This paper addresses the motion classification needs of low-power smart
   bracelets by constructing an extremely lightweight deep neural network (DNN)
   model, deploying it on an MCU, and verifying its effectiveness.  The method
   includes: (1) collecting multidimensional motion data based on an inertial
   measurement unit (IMU), normalizing it, and performing sliding window
   segmentation; (2) designing a lightweight DNN architecture with less than 20
   K parameters, and extracting temporal features by combining convolutional
   and fully connected layers; (3) using quantization-aware training and
   pruning techniques to reduce the model storage to approximately 18 KB; and
   (4) deploying it on a Cortex-M4 MCU, optimizing it using the CMSIS-NN
   library, and measuring its power consumption and real-time performance.
   This method achieves a classification accuracy of 93.3% in six common motion
   recognition categories, with an average single inference latency of only 7.8
   ms and power consumption reduced to less than 3.5 mW. The results are
   verified on the smart bracelet platform with extremely limited resources.  ©
   2025 IEEE.
DE energy optimization; lightweight dnn; low power; microcontroller; motion
   classification; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); digital storage; electric power
   utilization; low power electronics; motion estimation; classification
   system; deployment optimization; energy optimization; lightweight deep
   neural network; low power; motion classification; neural networks; power;
   tinyml; ultra lightweights; microcontrollers

---

UT 446
AR Trivedi D, 2025, INTELL CYBERSECUR CONF ICSC, P43, DOI
   10.1109/ICSC65596.2025.11140465
TI DeFeAt: Explanable TinyML-based Framework for Anomaly Detection in Nano-
   Sensor Traffic in 6G-Enabled Smart Grid
AU Trivedi D; Bhatia S; Bhatt S; Pathak L/1; Shastri K; Vyas K; Mehta D; Gupta
   R; Tanwar S
TC 0
SO INTELL CYBERSECUR CONF ICSC
PY 2025
AB This paper presents an Explainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) based
   methodology for anomaly detection framework, i.e., DeFeAt, to detect
   anomalies in nano-sensor traffic in smart grids.  TinyML is also
   incorporated in the framework besides other deep learning models like LSTM
   and GRU, along with optimizers like Adam, Nadam, and RMSprop.  TinyML
   surpassed the other models as it maintained an average validation accuracy
   of 98.12 % for all optimizers with the minimum validation loss of 0.3343
   using the Adam optimizer and has a model size of 56.26 KB. GRU and LSTM also
   delivered similar results, however, they needed larger model capacities –
   with GRU requiring 237.73 KB (Nadam) and LSTM 293.85 KB (Nadam). To promote
   accessibility, SHAP was used to explain the given model’s prediction, and
   LIME was also used, the major insights indicated that latency and error rate
   were the primary emerging features.  The proposed DeFeAt framework offers
   cost-effective, accurate, and interpretable fault detection which opens up
   possibilities for next-generation work on scalability, real-time and online
   decision-making, and integration with other next-generation technologies
   such as edge computing.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; explainable ai; gru; lime; lstm; nano-sensor traffic;
   shap; smart grids; tinyml
ID cost effectiveness; deep learning; edge computing; edge detection;
   nanosensors; anomaly detection; explainable ai; gru; lstm; nano-sensor
   traffic; nanosensors; sensor traffic; shap; smart grid; tinyml; anomaly
   detection

---

UT 448
AR Lu T, 2025, ACM TRANS ARCH CODE OPTIM, V22, DOI 10.1145/3768630
TI Efficient Flexible Edge Inference for Mixed-Precision Quantized DNN using
   Customized RISC-V Core
AU Lu T; Ding J; Zhang H; Jiang B; Xu W; Chai Z
TC 0
SO ACM TRANS ARCH CODE OPTIM
PY 2025
AB Mixed-Precision Quantization (MPQ) has become a key technique for deploying
   deep neural networks on resource-constrained IoT edge devices, enabling
   efficient TinyML applications while maintaining accuracy.  However, current
   MPQ solutions face the following major limitations: insufficient flexibility
   in supporting diverse neural architectures and lack of energy-efficient
   hardware acceleration tailored for edge deployment.  To address these
   challenges, we propose an integrated software-hardware co-design framework
   that optimizes Mixed-Precision Quantized Neural Networks for edge AI
   inference.  Our framework introduces following key innovations: an adaptive
   reorderd pack scheme to improve data utilization, dynamic data flow schemes
   for low-bit-width computationally intensive operators, and customized SIMD
   (Single-Instruction, Multiple-Data) instruction extensions for RISC-V
   processors optimized for flexible mixed-precision computations.
   Experimental results demonstrate that our framework achieves 1.23×–1.58×
   speedup for 2–8 bit operations compared to existing RISC-V implementations
   while maintaining excellent energy efficiency of 1,204 GOPS/W. Our design
   also keeps the power range to 2.74 mW, making it particularly suitable for
   cost-sensitive edge deployments.  These advances provide a practical
   solution for next-generation IoT systems requiring adaptive precision and
   ultra-low-power execution on edge devices.  © 2025 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE hardware-software codesign; quantized neural networks; risc-v processor;
   tinyml
ID computer hardware; dataflow analysis; deep neural networks; energy
   efficiency; integrated circuit design; low power electronics; reduced
   instruction set computing; software design; current; hardware/software
   codesign; mixed precision; neural architectures; neural networks;
   quantization; quantized neural network; risc-v processor; tinyml; v core;
   hardware-software codesign

---

UT 452
AR Joy HK, 2025, AI-BASED SOLUT ENG, P71, DOI 10.4018/979-8-3373-0746-6.ch003
TI TinyML Empowering Intelligent Edge Devices
AU Joy HK; Jayarani EA; Sridevi R
TC 0
SO AI-BASED SOLUT ENG
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) bridges the gap between artificial
   intelligence and low-power embedded systems, enabling devices like
   microcontrollers to process data locally and operate autonomously.  This
   chapter explores the foundational principles of TinyML, its applications
   across industries such as IoT, healthcare, industrial automation, and
   environmental monitoring, and the tools enabling its deployment.  It also
   addresses challenges, including energy efficiency and model optimization,
   while providing insights into future advancements such as federated learning
   and neuromorphic computing.  This chapter offers a comprehensive
   understanding of TinyML's transformative potential and its pivotal role in
   AI-based engineering solutions.  © 2026 by IGI Global Scientific Publishing.
   All rights reserved.
ID artificial intelligence; energy efficiency; green computing; learning
   systems; automation monitoring; energy efficiency optimizations;
   environmental monitoring; industrial automation; its applications; low power
   embedded systems; machine learning; model optimization; neuromorphic
   computing; process data; embedded systems

---

UT 453
AR Kadechkar A, 2025, INT CONF RENEW ENERGY RES APPL ICRERA, P1452, DOI
   10.1109/ICRERA66237.2025.11284228
TI Connected Electric Truck Powertrain: Non-Invasive Fault Detection using
   Ultra-Low Power Edge AI Sensor Network
AU Kadechkar A; Koller M; Labajos A
TC 0
SO INT CONF RENEW ENERGY RES APPL ICRERA
PY 2025
AB This paper presents a non-invasive, real-time fault detection and predictive
   maintenance framework for Connected Electric Truck powertrain.  Leveraging
   the ultra-low-power ISM330DHCX sensor's Machine Learning Core (MLC), the
   system performs on-sensor processing of accelerometer and gyroscope signals
   using Edge AI and TinyML techniques.  Decision Trees (DTs) and an eight-DT
   based Random Forest (RF) model were employed to classify vibration patterns
   under varying operating conditions.  Five experiments were conducted on
   electric motor test benches to simulate rotor imbalance and gather data in
   both normal and faulty states.  Vibration signals were first classified into
   three broader fault categories and then mapped into 12 subclasses using a
   novel output mapping scheme.  Guided by the Design, Implementation,
   Potential Failure and Functional Failure (DIPF) curve, this framework
   enables accurate detection of rotor unbalance faults.  Experimental results
   showed that while single-DT models achieved high training accuracies
   (95-98.42%) but poor validation performance (< 50%), the eight-DT based
   Random Forest with subclass splitting significantly improved generalization,
   achieving 98.74% validation accuracy.  By minimizing power consumption and
   bandwidth requirements, this on-sensor Edge AI sensor network approach
   offers a scalable solution for predictive maintenance, with the potential to
   reduce downtime and maintenance costs by 30-50%. The findings highlight the
   promise of ultra-low-power intelligent sensing for enhancing the reliability
   and efficiency of Connected Electric Trucks.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE ai embedded sensors; decision trees; edge ai; electric truck; fault
   detection; ism330dhcx; machine learning core; non-invasive; powertrain;
   predictive maintenance; random forest; smart sensors; stwin; tinyml; ultra-
   low power
ID electric vehicles; industrial electronics; internet of things; learning
   systems; machine learning; powertrains; predictive maintenance; random
   forests; robotics; sensor networks; smart sensors; trucks; ai embedded
   sensor; edge ai; electric truck; embedded sensors; faults detection;
   ism330dhcx; machine learning core; machine learning; non-invasive;
   predictive maintenance; random forests; stwin; tinyml; ultra-low power;
   decision trees; fault detection

---

UT 454
AR Elhence A, 2025, IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST, DOI
   10.1109/TITS.2025.3617492
TI HARP-UNET: A Hardware-Accelerated TinyML Framework for Pothole Segmentation
   and Road Quality Assessment Using UAVs
AU Elhence A; Jeswani H; Chamola V
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS INTELL TRANSP SYST
PY 2025
AB Pothole detection is essential for road maintenance and safety, yet
   traditional methods are often inefficient and hazardous.  This paper
   introduces HARP-UNET, a novel deep learning model optimized based on Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) principles for resource-constrained environments,
   designed to perform real-time pothole segmentation using autonomous aerial
   vehicle (UAV) imagery.  HARP-UNET incorporates Depthwise Separable
   Convolutions (DSConv) and Multi-Scale Channel Attention (MSCAG) into the
   U-Net architecture, enhancing feature extraction while reducing
   computational demands.  Experimental evaluations demonstrate that HARP-UNET
   achieves a mean Intersection over Union (IoU) of 84.1% and an accuracy of
   99.40%, outperforming existing models.  The model’s deployment on embedded
   devices, such as the Kria KV260, achieved up to 64 frames per second,
   confirming its practicality for real-world applications in predictive
   maintenance of transportation infrastructure.  Additionally, the study
   analyzes the impact of UAV operational parameters on measurement accuracy,
   providing insights into optimizing UAV-based pothole detection systems.  The
   proposed approach offers a robust, efficient solution for automated road
   condition assessment, leveraging TinyML to enable predictive maintenance in
   intelligent transportation systems, contributing to safer and more efficient
   transportation infrastructure management.  © 2000-2011 IEEE.
DE aerial robotics; computer vision for other robotic applications; hardware-
   software codesign
ID aerial photography; aircraft detection; antennas; computer hardware; deep
   learning; hardware-software codesign; highway administration; highway
   planning; intelligent vehicle highway systems; learning systems; motor
   transportation; predictive maintenance; roads and streets; robotics; traffic
   control; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial robotics; aerial vehicle;
   computer vision for other robotic application; hardware-accelerated;
   hardware/software codesign; learning frameworks; machine learning;
   predictive maintenance; robotics applications; segmentation quality;
   application programs

---

UT 455
AR Deutel M, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2137 CCIS, P163, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-74643-7_13
TI μYOLO: Towards Single-Shot Object Detection on Microcontrollers
AU Deutel M; Mutschler C; Teich J
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB This work-in-progress paper presents results on the feasibility of single-
   shot object detection on microcontrollers using YOLO. Single-shot object
   detectors like YOLO are widely used, however due to their complexity mainly
   on larger GPU-based platforms.  We present μYOLO, which can be used on
   Cortex-M based microcontrollers, such as the OpenMV H7 R2, achieving about
   3.5 FPS when classifying 128×128 RGB images while using less than 800 KB
   Flash and less than 350 KB RAM. Furthermore, we share experimental results
   for three different object detection tasks, analyzing the accuracy of μYOLO
   on them.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2025.
DE microcontrollers; object detection; tinyml; yolo
ID computer graphics equipment; graphics processing unit; object detection;
   object recognition; cortexes; detection tasks; object detectors; objects
   detection; rgb images; single-shot; tinyml; yolo; microcontrollers

---

UT 457
AR Yang C-H, 2025, ICCE-TAIWAN - IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN GENER
   AI INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL PROC, P341, DOI 10.1109/ICCE-
   Taiwan66881.2025.11208015
TI Neck Health Detection System with TinyML MCU
AU Yang C-H; Jiang Z-H; Hsu M-W; Chen J-F
TC 0
SO ICCE-TAIWAN - IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN GENER AI INNOV CONSUM
   TECHNOL PROC
PY 2025
AB This study investigates the impact of prolonged forward head posture on
   cervical spine health due to excessive use of 3C products (computer,
   communication, and consumer electronics). This paper proposed a wearable
   device integrating AI edge computing to monitor and improve head posture.
   The system consists of a sensing unit with TinyML MCU and a display device.
   The TinyML MCU employs an inertial measurement unit (IMU) sensor to collect
   head movement data to assess posture status.  The display device
   incorporates an OLED screen to display posture angles.  The results of this
   study demonstrate that the proposed system effectively detects and corrects
   poor posture, providing accurate reminders to prevent cervical spine
   degeneration.  Experimental data indicate that the model achieves accuracy
   of 0.924, precision of 0.92, recall of 0.9465, and F1-score between 0.92 and
   0.93. © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; imu; iot; tinyml
ID display devices; internet of things; wearable computers; wearable sensors;
   cervical spine; computer communications; detection system; edge computing;
   forward head posture; head posture; inertial measurements units; iot;
   tinyml; wearable devices; edge computing

---

UT 459
AR Ramos-Sanchez S, 2025, AIBI REV INVESTIG ADM ING, V13, DOI
   10.15649/2346030X.4183
TI Embedded low-power machine-learning on microcontrollers: systematic
   literature review
AU Ramos-Sanchez S; Lezama-Calvo J; Paucar-Curasma R
TC 0
SO AIBI REV INVESTIG ADM ING
PY 2025
AB The increasing adoption of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning
   (ML) in engineering systems has traditionally relied on cloud-based
   processing and high-performance platforms, generating significant
   computational, energy, and infrastructure costs.  The emergence of embedded
   low-power machine learning, known as TinyML, has enabled the deployment of
   ML models directly on resource-constrained microcontrollers (MCUs),
   achieving near-sensor intelligence, reduced latency, and improved energy
   efficiency.  This article presents a systematic literature review on the use
   of low-power microcontrollers for implementing machine learning techniques.
   The objective is to synthesize and analyze existing research on embedded ML
   in MCUs, emphasizing hardware platforms, application domains, and models,
   methods, and algorithms adopted under strict resource constraints.  The
   review follows the standard systematic review methodology, using the Scopus
   database for publications from 2020 to 2025. The analyzed studies reveal
   that ARM Cortex-M–based microcontrollers and Arduino-class devices are the
   predominant platforms.  Applications span environmental monitoring, energy
   systems, agriculture, healthcare, industrial safety, biosensing, and smart
   infrastructure.  The most commonly employed models include lightweight
   convolutional neural networks, compact dense networks, and classical ML
   algorithms, optimized through quantization, pruning, and compression.  This
   review highlights the growing maturity of machine learning on low-power
   microcontrollers and identifies key trends, constraints, and design trade-
   offs shaping current embedded ML implementations.  © 2025, Universidad de
   Santander.  All rights reserved.
DE literature review; low power; machine learning; microcontrollers; tinyml

---

UT 460
AR Mentzos G, 2025, IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD, DOI
   10.1109/ICCAD66269.2025.11240939
TI R2T-Tiny: Runtime-Reconfigurable Throughput-Optimized TinyML for Hybrid
   Inference Acceleration on FPGA SoCs
AU Mentzos G; Frey VA; Balaskas K; Zervakis G; Henkel J
TC 0
SO IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD
PY 2025
AB The emergence of tiny machine learning (TinyML) has represented a paradigm
   shift toward energy efficient and on-device inference, with TinyML research
   primarily focusing on low-cost and energy-efficiency microcontroller units
   (MCUs). However, the low computational capabilities of MCUs greatly limit
   the performance of TinyML applications, especially in the case of throughput
   driven tasks.  Field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), are therefore a
   promising alternative to MCUs, offering high parallelism and low energy
   requirements.  FPGA-based accelerators typically follow one of two
   directions: high-throughput resource-intensive pipelined designs, or low-
   throughput sequential systolic arrays.  Incorporating both approaches into a
   hybrid streaming/sequential accelerator strikes a balance between resource
   efficiency and throughput, but incurs resource contention within a tiny
   FPGA. In this work, we address the aforementioned limitations and propose a
   throughput-driven hybrid acceleration methodology for TinyML. We introduce
   R2T-Tiny, an adaptive framework that brings layer-wise customizability into
   throughput-driven inference.  By leveraging runtime partial reconfiguration,
   R2T-Tiny dynamically adjusts the accelerator type and applies tailored
   approximations per layer, achieving high throughput while adhering to the
   tight resource constraints of tiny embedded FPGAs.  Our comprehensive
   evaluation on popular TinyML benchmarks showcases the capabilities of our
   framework in achieving high throughput inference on the PYNQ-Z2 FPGA board,
   increasing throughput by an average of 1.6x across 3 popular deep neural
   networks (DNNs) in the TinyML domain, when compared to DNNDK, a systolic
   array based accelerator from Xilinx, while incurring less than 1% accuracy
   loss.  © 2025 IEEE.
ID acceleration; energy efficiency; learning systems; programmable logic
   controllers; reconfigurable hardware; system-on-chip; systolic arrays;
   throughput; field programmables; high-throughput; hybrid inference; lower
   energies; machine learning; microcontroller unit; paradigm shifts;
   programmable gate array; runtime reconfigurable; throughput-optimized; field
   programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 461
AR Danane M, 2025, INT CONF OPTIM APPL ICOA - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICOA66896.2025.11236910
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Maintenance Applications: A Systematic Literature
   Review and Optimization Perspectives
AU Danane M; Rochdi Y; El Ouadi A
TC 0
SO INT CONF OPTIM APPL ICOA - PROC
PY 2025
AB Industry 4.0 has revolutionized maintenance strategies and has brought
   predictive maintenance (PdM), powered by machine learning, into the
   limelight as a key technology for operational efficiency.  However, the
   conventional cloud-based ML technology does not come without challenges such
   as communication delays, operational costs, and energy consumption.  Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) is an optimized implementation for machine
   learning computation on constrained devices distributed at the edge of the
   network.  This paper contributes a full systematic literature review on
   TinyML applications in maintenance, with a focus on existing methods and
   potential optimizations.  We reviewed 38 original articles from the Scopus,
   ScienceDirect, and Web of Science using the PRISMA technique.  As a result,
   CNNs are the leader in this domain, with work largely focused on the
   vibrational and visual data to detect faults in rotation machineries, solar
   panels, and infrastructure systems.  The optimal challenges are the model
   size, power efficiency, and environmental adaptability.  We discuss the open
   research issues such as the online learning capability, automatic TinyML
   framework, multisensor integration, and distributed learning strategy.  This
   comprehensive review offers researchers and industrial users an overview of
   TinyML to develop autonomous, robust, and energy-efficient maintenance
   systems.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; fault diagnosis; optimization; predictive maintenance;
   systematic literature review; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; energy efficiency; engineering education; green
   computing; industry 40; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine
   learning; predictive maintenance; edge computing; faults diagnosis; key
   technologies; machine learning; maintenance strategies; operational
   efficiencies; optimizations; predictive maintenance; systematic literature
   review; tiny machine learning; edge computing

---

UT 462
AR Rabby F, 2025, IEEE INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST COMPAS, DOI
   10.1109/COMPAS67506.2025.11381831
TI TinySenseNet: A Lightweight sEMG-IMU Fusion Network Using TinyML for
   Mechanical Arm Control in Low-Resource Settings
AU Rabby F; Aknda MR; Mahi MT; Ratul SRA; Shezan BZ
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMPUT APPL SYST COMPAS
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces TinySenseNet, a lightweight and memory-efficient deep
   learning model for real-time robotic arm control using multimodal surface
   electromyography (sEMG) and inertial measurement unit (IMU) signals.
   Optimized for embedded deployment, the system processes 150 ms input windows
   to achieve low-latency gesture recognition with TinyML. The architecture
   employs depthwise 1D convolutions and an attention mechanism for efficient
   temporal feature extraction and robust multimodal fusion.  Unlike CNNs,
   LSTMs, and SVMs, which are either computationally heavy, slow, or noise-
   sensitive, TinySenseNet offers both efficiency and resilience on low-power
   hardware.  Key innovations include cross-modal delay features that capture
   timing between muscle activation and motion, a confidence-based actuation
   mechanism with haptic feedback to improve safety, and a culturally adapted
   gesture set for enhanced usability.  A custom hardware platform integrating
   an ESP32 microcontroller, Myo Armband, and servo-driven robotic arm
   validates the approach.  Evaluation across lab settings, real-world noisy
   conditions, and clinical trials with transradial amputees demonstrates
   strong generalization.  TinySenseNet achieved 97.2% accuracy for able-bodied
   users, 95.7% for amputees, and 93.3% in real-world scenarios, outperforming
   CNN, LSTM, and SVM baselines.  With a compact size of 1.46 KB and 23.8 ms
   latency, TinySenseNet provides an affordable, scalable, and clinically
   viable solution for assistive robotic control in low-resource environments.
   © 2025 IEEE.
DE gesture recognition; low-resource settings; mechanical arm control; semg-imu
   fusion; tinyml; tinysensenet
ID computer hardware; electromyography; feedback; haptic interfaces; learning
   systems; long short-term memory; robotic arms; arms control; gestures
   recognition; inertial measurements units; low-resource settings; mechanical
   arm; mechanical arm control; surface electromyography; surface
   electromyography-inertial measurement unit fusion; tinyml; tinysensenet;
   unit fusion; gesture recognition

---

UT 465
AR Khalil I, 2025, IEEE J SEL APPL EARTH OBS REMOTE SENS, V18, P9968, DOI
   10.1109/JSTARS.2025.3553304
TI Energy-Efficient Deep Learning for Cloud Detection Onboard Nanosatellite
AU Khalil I; Daghouri A; Chanoui MA; Guennoun Z; Addaim A
TC 0
SO IEEE J SEL APPL EARTH OBS REMOTE SENS
PY 2025
AB Deep learning has been increasingly utilized for cloud detection in Earth
   observation nanosatellites, offering effective solutions to enhance mission
   performance.  Traditional methods of image capture, onboard storage, and
   transmission face challenges such as bandwidth limitations and the
   transmission of cloud-obstructed images, highlighting the need for efficient
   onboard artificial intelligence.  However, energy consumption remains a
   critical consideration for onboard processing, particularly in
   nanosatellites where resource constraints are significant.  To address these
   challenges, we propose an optimized SegNet-based deep learning model
   implemented on the STM32H7 microcontroller for real-time cloud detection,
   designed to operate within the nanosatellite's strict energy budget.  This
   work, conducted within the project of the UM5-EOSat nanosatellite mission,
   utilized captured images from the Gecko imager for model evaluation.  The
   customized SegNet architecture, tailored with minimal kernels and layers,
   achieved an accuracy of 93.50%, effectively balancing performance and
   computational efficiency.  Quantization further optimized energy
   consumption, achieving a reduction of 82.2% at 280 MHz.  The quantized model
   demonstrated a memory footprint of 304 KB RAM and 110 KB Flash memory, with
   an inference time of 0.21 s and an energy consumption of 31.41 mJ, ensuring
   compatibility with the nanosatellite's resource constraints.  © 2008-2012
   IEEE.
DE cloud detection; deep learning; energy-consumption; nanosatellite; tinyml
ID flash memory; nanosatellites; cloud detection; deep learning; earth
   observations; effective solution; energy efficient; energy-consumption;
   mission performance; nanosatellite; resource constraint; tinyml; artificial
   intelligence; consumption behavior; detection method; energy efficiency;
   energy use; machine learning; nanoparticle; satellite imagery; budget
   control

---

UT 469
AR Sah S, 2025, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V15633 LNCS, P295, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-91979-4_22
TI MCUBench: A Benchmark of Tiny Object Detectors on MCUs
AU Sah S; Ganji DC; Grimaldi M; Kumar R/2; Hoffman A; Rohmetra H; Saboori E
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2025
AB We introduce MCUBench, a benchmark featuring over 100 YOLO-based object
   detection models evaluated on the VOC dataset across seven different MCUs.
   This benchmark provides detailed data on average precision, latency, RAM,
   and Flash usage for various input resolutions and YOLO-based one-stage
   detectors.  By conducting a controlled comparison with a fixed training
   pipeline, we collect comprehensive performance metrics.  Our Pareto-optimal
   analysis shows that integrating modern detection heads and training
   techniques allows various YOLO architectures, including older models like
   YOLOv3, to achieve an excellent mean Average Precision (mAP)-latency
   tradeoff.  MCUBench serves as a valuable tool for benchmarking the MCU
   performance of contemporary object detectors and aids in model selection
   based on specific constraints.  Code and data are available
   at github.com/Deeplite/deeplite-torch-zoo.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE deep learning; edge ai; mcubench; tinyml; yolo
ID benchmarking; computer vision; learning systems; microcontrollers; object
   detection; object recognition; pareto principle; random access storage;
   comprehensive performance; deep learning; detection models; edge ai;
   mcubench; object detectors; objects detection; performance metrices; tinyml;
   yolo; deep learning

---

UT 470
AR Alasady H, 2025, INT CONF INTELL COMMUN NETW COMPUT TECH ICICNCT, DOI
   10.1109/ICICNCT66124.2025.11232912
TI Federated Learning Framework with Prototype Clustering for Personalized
   Healthcare in IoT Wearables
AU Alasady H; Madduri C; Gummadi HSB; Dhareshwar S
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTELL COMMUN NETW COMPUT TECH ICICNCT
PY 2025
AB With the growing adoption of IoT-enabled wearables, the continuous
   monitoring of physiological signals has become a vital component of
   personalized healthcare.  However, existing frameworks still face
   significant challenges, including non-IID data distribution across patients
   and high communication costs in resource-constrained wearables.  To address
   these limitations, we propose a drift-aware prototype Clustering
   (DAPC)-enabled Federated Learning Framework (FL) for personalized healthcare
   diagnostics.  Initially, data collected from the Medical Information Mart
   for Intensive Care III (MIMIC-III) raw wearable signals were denoised and
   normalized, followed by feature extraction from physiological and activity
   data.  Each device then generates a lightweight prototype vector to
   summarize its data distribution.  At the edge server, the prototypes are
   clustered using cosine similarity to form user groups with similar health
   patterns.  Federated aggregation is performed within each cluster, and drift
   detection dynamically reassigns the devices during user behavior.  Finally,
   a personalized adapter layer was fine-tuned on each device, and the
   optimized TinyML model was deployed for real-time lowlatency diagnostics.
   Experimental results show that the proposed DAPC-FL attains higher results
   than the existing model FL-Synthetic Minority Oversampling Technique (SMOTE)
   in terms of accuracy (98%), precision (98%), recall (97%), and F1-score
   (97%). © 2025 IEEE.
DE cosine similarity; decentralized; drift-aware prototype clustering federated
   learning; personalized healthcare; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; diagnosis; healthcare; medical computing;
   physiology; wearable computers; clusterings; continuous monitoring; cosine
   similarity; data distribution; decentralized; drift-aware prototype
   clustering federated learning; learning frameworks; personalized healthcare;
   physiological signals; tinyml; behavioral research

---

UT 471
AR Rajput R, 2025, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MACH VIS AIMV, DOI
   10.1109/AIMV66517.2025.11203466
TI TinyML in Network Security: A Lightweight and Real-Time Intrusion Detection
   Framework
AU Rajput R; Gulati S; Shah P/1; Gautam S
TC 0
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL MACH VIS AIMV
PY 2025
AB The exponential growth of IoT devices has expanded the vulnerability area
   which requires immediate attention for cybersecurity protection.  Network-
   based breach detection depends heavily on IDSs to discover both zero-day
   attacks and other forms of malicious network traffic.  An IDS application
   that relies on deep learning models typically struggles with time-sensitive
   operations because it strongly requires feature selection and high
   computational power.  This study brings about an efficient lightweight IDS
   system which combines PCA-based feature reduction methods within a TinyML
   model that functions efficiently across minimal -power hardware systems.
   This study uses PCA to harvest significant network traffic features from the
   CICIDS-2017 dataset thereby lowering its dimension requirements while
   maintaining vital network traffic patterns.  The TinyML model operates
   within embedded and edge computing environments so it can execute real-time
   detection while maintaining low resource use.  Our proposed approach
   undergoes evaluation based on accuracy alongside precision and recall
   measurement and calculation of False Positive Rate (FPR). The merged PCA-
   TinyML Intrusion Detection System achieves both high detection accuracy and
   faster processing time along with reduced resource usage according to
   experimental tests.  A comparative analysis with existing IDS techniques
   highlights the advantages of our approach in balancing detection efficiency
   and computational feasibility, making it a viable solution for real-world
   cybersecurity applications, particularly in IoT and edge-based security
   frameworks.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE computational efficiency; ida; pca; real-time detection; tinyml
ID computer crime; cybersecurity; edge computing; edge detection; intrusion
   detection; network intrusion; zero-day attack; cyber security; ida; in
   networks; intrusion detection; network traffic; networks security; pca;
   real- time; real-time detection; tinyml; computational efficiency

---

UT 472
AR Mendis HR, 2025, PROC - INT CONF EMBED SOFTW EMSOFT, P13, DOI
   10.1145/3742874.3757084
TI Special Session-Intermittent TinyML: Powering Sustainable Deep Intelligence
   Without Batteries
AU Mendis HR; Yildirim KS; Zimmerling M; Mottola L; Hsiu P-C
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF EMBED SOFTW EMSOFT
PY 2025
AB Tiny battery-free devices running deep neural networks (DNNs) embody
   intermittent TinyML, a paradigm at the intersection of intermittent
   computing and deep learning, bringing sustainable intelligence to the
   extreme edge.  This paper, as an overview of a special session at Embedded
   Systems Week (ESWEEK) 2025, presents four tales from diverse research
   backgrounds, sharing experiences in addressing unique challenges of
   efficient and reliable DNN inference despite the intermittent nature of
   ambient power.  The first explores enhancing inference engines for efficient
   progress accumulation in hardware-accelerated intermittent inference and
   designing networks tailored for such execution.  The second investigates
   computationally light, adaptive algorithms for faster, energy-efficient
   inference, and emerging computing-in-memory architectures for power failure
   resiliency.  The third addresses battery-free networking, focusing on timely
   neighbor discovery and maintaining synchronization despite spatio-temporal
   energy dynamics across nodes.  The fourth leverages modern nonvolatile
   memory fault behavior and DNN robustness to save energy without significant
   accuracy loss, with applicability to intermittent inference on nano-
   satellites.  Collectively, these early efforts advance intermittent TinyML
   research and promote future cross-domain collaboration to tackle open
   challenges.  © 2025 Copyright is held by the owner/author(s).
DE fault tolerance; hardware architectures; intermittent systems; runtime and
   design-time methodologies; tinyml; wireless networking
ID deep neural networks; embedded systems; energy efficiency; fault tolerant
   computer systems; inference engines; memory architecture; nonvolatile
   storage; secondary batteries; wireless networks; network architecture;
   battery-free; design-time methodology; embedded-system; hardware
   architecture; intermittent systems; neural networks; runtime and design-time
   methodology; runtimes; tinyml; wireless networking; fault tolerance

---

UT 473
AR Wang Z/2, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1414 LNEE, P389, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-5318-8_37
TI Lightweight FOMO-Based Fault Detection Algorithm
AU Wang Z/2; Li Z; Zhao T; Zheng Y/1
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Aiming at the problem of low efficiency fault detection in industrial
   production, this paper proposes a fault detection algorithm based on “Faster
   Objects, More Objects” (FOMO). This method is suitable for Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) equipment.  It can efficiently extract and classify the
   defect features in industrial products through Convolutional Neural Networks
   (CNN). In terms of algorithm application, this paper compares the
   performance differences of (You Only Look Once version 5 (YOLOv5), Single
   Shot Multibox Detector (SSD) and FOMO in 3D printing defect detection.  In
   the experimental environment built in this paper, FOMO detection algorithm
   has significant advantages in lightweight, detection speed, recognition
   accuracy and other aspects compared with other detection algorithms, and its
   detection accuracy and stability meet the requirements of practical
   application.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE cnn; fault detection; fomo; tinyml
ID learning algorithms; convolutional neural network; fast object more object;
   fault detection algorithm; faults detection; industrial product; industrial
   production; machine learning; object based; objects-based; tiny machine
   learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 475
AR Bharadwaj J, 2025, INT CONF INTELL COMPUT KNOWL EXTR ICICKE, DOI
   10.1109/ICICKE65317.2025.11136441
TI Towards Portable Mental Stress Detection Systems: A TinyML Approach for EEG
   Analysis
AU Bharadwaj J; Sethia D
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTELL COMPUT KNOWL EXTR ICICKE
PY 2025
AB Electroencephalogram (EEG) signals are a reliable way to understand brain
   activity, especially to detect mental stress, a condition that can cause
   serious health problems if left unchecked.  Although deep learning models
   show promise in identifying stress from EEG data, running these models on
   portable devices is difficult due to their computational demands.  To remedy
   this problem, this paper proposes a novel QAT-FFNN model, a lightweight
   Feed-Forward Neural Network optimised using tiny machine learning techniques
   such as Quantisation Aware Training and Pruning.  The proposed QAT-FFNN
   model achieves state-of-the-art 99.74% accuracy on the EEGMAT dataset, with
   a 91.3% model size reduction and 84.77 ms inference latency, enabling real-
   time feasibility on smartphones and smartwatches.  By balancing high
   performance with efficiency, QAT-FFNN bridges the gap between laboratory-
   grade accuracy and edge-device practicality, offering a foundation for
   accessible, continuous stress monitoring to support proactive mental
   healthcare interventions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; eeg analysis; mental stress detection; model optimization;
   portable healthcare systems; tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; brain; deep learning; edge detection; learning
   systems; medical computing; mhealth; mobile edge computing; neurophysiology;
   portable equipment; detection system; edge computing; electroencephalogram
   analysis; healthcare systems; mental stress; mental stress detection; model
   optimization; portable healthcare system; stress detection; tinyml;
   electroencephalography

---

UT 476
AR Jasper Flavia J, 2025, INT CONF GENER COMPUT SYST INTELL SYST SUSTAIN DEV
   ICNGCS - CONF PROC, DOI 10.1109/ICNGCS64900.2025.11182756
TI Enhanced Smart Hearing Aid Simulation with Scene Classification and
   Frequency Compression
AU Jasper Flavia J; Abhigeetha K; Dharanika V; Ashavikashini K; Selvakumar D
TC 0
SO INT CONF GENER COMPUT SYST INTELL SYST SUSTAIN DEV ICNGCS - CONF PROC
PY 2025
AB Contemporary hearing aids do not have the capability to learn intelligently
   from dynamic real-world scenarios and do not provide personalized hearing
   improvement for people with varied hearing loss types.  This paper
   introduces an improved, real-time smart hearing aid system that incorporates
   acoustic scene classification, frequency compression, and multi-user
   personalization on the BioAid framework.  Complementing the shortcomings of
   existing literature, this research suggests an improved and more scalable
   method for assistive hearing.The system starts with live audio recording
   with low-latency input devices and extracts Mel Frequency Cepstral
   Coefficients (MFCCs) and spectral features to identify the acoustic scene
   based on machine learning algorithms like Support Vector Machines (SVM) and
   Random Forest classifiers.  Upon identification of a scene, the system picks
   a personalized hearing aid preset from a broadened list of BioAid options,
   dynamically correlated with each individual's hearing profile and
   preferences.To confront the universal issue of high-frequency hearing loss,
   an FFT-based frequency compression module is proposed.  This module
   relocates critical high-frequency elements into lower, more accessible
   frequency bands and increases speech intelligibility without acoustic
   context distortion.  The inference pipeline of the model is engineered for
   real-time performance and efficient deployment in TensorFlow Lite or TinyML
   and is thus ideal for deployment on edge devices like Raspberry Pi or
   bespoke embedded hearing hardware.The system is tested with public datasets
   like DCASE2017 for environmental sound and LJ Speech for clean voice, and a
   custom multi-user dataset to personalize preset mapping.  Experimental
   results show better accuracy in scene classification, real-time
   adaptability, and successful frequency compression.  This work advances
   intelligent assistive technology by providing a usable and efficient
   solution for real-world hearing aid deployment © 2025 IEEE.
DE acoustic scene classification; assistive technology; bioaid; frequency
   compression; machine learning; mfcc; personalized preset mapping; real-time
   audio processing; smart hearing aid; tinyml
ID assistive technology; audio acoustics; audio recordings; audio signal
   processing; clustering algorithms; compaction; hearing-aids; learning
   systems; photomapping; random forests; scalability; speech communication;
   speech intelligibility; speech recognition; support vector machines;
   acoustic scene classification; assistive technology; audio processing;
   bioaid; frequency compression; hearing-aids; machine learning; mel-frequency
   cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients; personalized
   preset mapping; real-time audio; real-time audio processing; scene
   classification; smart hearing aid; tinyml; audition

---

UT 477
AR Bhushan CM, 2025, SCI REP, V15, DOI 10.1038/s41598-025-27818-9
TI Deploying TinyML for energy-efficient object detection and communication in
   low-power edge AI systems
AU Bhushan CM; Koppuravuri P; Prasanthi N; Gazi F; Hussain MM; Abdussami M;
   Devi AA; Faizi J
TC 0
SO SCI REP
PY 2025
AB Edge Artificial Intelligence (Edge AI) is driving the widespread deployment
   of neural network models on resource-constrained microcontroller units
   (MCUs), enabling real-time, on-device data processing.  This approach
   significantly reduces cloud dependency, making it ideal for applications in
   industrial automation and IoT. However, the deployment of deep learning
   models on such constrained devices poses significant challenges due to
   limitations in memory, computational power, and energy capacity.  This paper
   presents a real-time object detection system optimized for energy efficiency
   and scalability, which integrates well-established model compression
   techniques, such as quantization, with a low-cost MCU-based platform.  The
   system leverages MobileNetV2, a lightweight neural network, quantized to
   achieve the best trade-offs between accuracy and resource consumption.  The
   proposed solution integrates a camera and Wi-Fi module for capturing and
   transmitting image data, utilizing dual-mode TCP/UDP communication to
   balance reliability and low-latency transmission for IoT applications.  We
   present a comprehensive system-level analysis, exploring the trade-offs
   between latency, memory, energy consumption, and model size.  The Visual
   Wake Words (VWW) dataset is used for this research, which demonstrates the
   practical performance and scalability of the system for real-time
   applications in smart devices, industrial monitoring, and environmental
   sensing.  This work emphasizes the integration of TinyML models with
   constrained hardware and offers a foundation for scalable, autonomous,
   energy-efficient Edge AI solutions.  Quantitatively, 8-bit post-training
   quantization achieved 3– storage reduction, yielding deployable flash
   footprints of 286-536 KB within a 1 MB flash / 256 KB SRAM budget, on-device
   inference latency ranged from 3.47 to 14.98 ms per frame with energy per
   inference of 10.6–22.1 J, while quantized MobileNet variants maintained
   accuracy.  In wireless reporting, UDP reduced one-way latency relative to
   TCP, whereas TCP provided higher delivery reliability, underscoring
   application-dependent protocol trade-offs for real-time embedded
   deployments.  © The Author(s) 2025.
ID article; artificial intelligence; artificial neural network; automation;
   budget; camera; compression; data processing; deep learning; energy; energy-
   consumption; nerve cell network; protocol; quantization; reliability; smart
   device

---

UT 480
AR Chaitanya D, 2025, PROC ICECONF - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL KNOWL DISCOV CONCURR
   ENG, DOI 10.1109/ICECONF65644.2025.11379483
TI An Enhanced Tiny ML Framework with Deep FL Supported Real-Time Anomaly
   Detection in an IoT Environment
AU Chaitanya D; Odeh M; Babu TA; Harshini M; Asha V; Kavuri VR
TC 0
SO PROC ICECONF - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL KNOWL DISCOV CONCURR ENG
PY 2025
AB TinyML, FL, and cutting-edge deep learning for resource-efficient anomaly
   identification in agriculture and industry which combines and we created the
   an Enhanced TinyML Framework with Deep FL Supported Real- Time Anomaly
   Detection in an IoT Environment (ETDFAD) model.  Starting with the
   preparation of datasets, images of chicken eggs were standardized to enhance
   robustness for practical use.  U sing the lightweight 'TensorFlores'
   framework, the model maximizes deployment on resource-limited hardware such
   the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense focusing on training and optimized power
   consumption, ensuring long runtime in remote environments.  A customized
   Federated Averaging (F edA vg) algorithm accounts for device diversity and
   minimizes slower node impact, ensuring project scalability.  The ETDFAD also
   allows for specific anomaly detection in metallurgical facilities using a
   GLMS and Bidirectional LSTM integration, effectively capturing dependencies
   in vibration data.  The following parameters are used such as training and
   validation accuracy and loss, precision-recall curve, ROC Curve and its
   performance is calculated.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE federated averaging ( fedavg ); fl; glms and bi-directional lstm; tinyml
ID agriculture; anomaly detection; deep learning; electric utilities; anomaly
   identification; chicken eggs; cutting edges; federated averaging; fl; glms
   and bi-directional lstm; practical use; real-time anomaly detections;
   resource-efficient; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 481
AR Bonazzi P, 2025, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN64981.2025.11227211
TI RGB-Event Fusion with Self-Attention for Collision Prediction
AU Bonazzi P; Vogt C; Jost M; Qin H; Khacef L; Paredes-Valles F; Magno M
TC 0
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2025
AB Ensuring robust and real-time obstacle avoidance is critical for the safe
   operation of autonomous robots in dynamic, real-world environments.  This
   paper proposes a neural network framework for predicting the time and
   collision position of an unmanned aerial vehicle with a dynamic object,
   using RGB and event-based vision sensors.  The proposed architecture
   consists of two separate encoder branches, one for each modality, followed
   by fusion by self-attention to improve prediction accuracy.To facilitate
   benchmarking, we leverage the ABCD [8] dataset collected that enables
   detailed comparisons of single-modality and fusion-based approaches.At the
   same prediction throughput of 50Hz, the experimental results show that the
   fusion-based model offers an improvement in prediction accuracy over single-
   modality approaches of 1% on average and 10% for distances beyond 0.5m, but
   comes at the cost of +71% in memory and + 105% in FLOPs.  Notably, the
   event-based model outperforms the RGB model by 4% for position and 26% for
   time error at a similar computational cost, making it a competitive
   alternative.Additionally, we evaluate quantized versions of the event-based
   models, applying 1- to 8-bit quantization to assess the trade-offs between
   predictive performance and computational efficiency.These findings highlight
   the trade-offs of multi-modal perception using RGB and event-based cameras
   in robotic applications.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE drone; event-based camera; obstacle avoidance; tinyml
ID antennas; benchmarking; cameras; collision avoidance; computational
   efficiency; forecasting; intelligent robots; learning systems; neural
   networks; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); collision prediction; event-
   based; event-based camera; event-based modeling; obstacles avoidance;
   prediction accuracy; real-time obstacle avoidance; safe operation; tinyml;
   trade off; economic and social effects

---

UT 484
AR Tlemçani K, 2025, PROC - INT CONF NETW INTELL SYST SECUR NISS, P55, DOI
   10.1109/NISS66502.2025.00017
TI Proactive Insulin Pump Security with TinyML and Blockchain: Real-Time
   Anomaly Detection for Diabetes Management
AU Tlemçani K; Azbeg K; Fetjah L; Ouchetto O; Andaloussi SJ
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF NETW INTELL SYST SECUR NISS
PY 2025
AB The management of diabetes increasingly relies on networked insulin pumps
   paired with continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) to stabilize blood sugar
   levels; though these systems face cyber risks including interception attacks
   and unauthorized dose adjustments.  Encryption methods applied after data
   collection fail to verify the clinical validity of insulin instructions if
   the pump's internal system is breached.  This study presents a TinyML-driven
   anomaly detection approach embedded within the pump's microcontroller to
   evaluate insulin-glucose dynamics in real time.  Our method prevents harmful
   doses by spotting irregularities locally before network transfer, rather
   than just documenting them.  This is complemented by a blockchain system for
   secure, tamper-proof storage and decentralized access to confirmed insulin
   events.  Early feasibility studies, based on IoT security guidelines and
   basic blockchain tests, show that streamlined machine learning models can
   operate within the pump's limited capacity while maintaining effective
   detection performance.  A full hardware prototype is yet to be developed,
   but this design offers robust defense against malicious insulin doses and
   supports wider use of on-device detection in medical IoT devices.  Future
   efforts will focus on adjusting model thresholds for personal metabolic
   differences and validating performance through clinical trials.  © 2025
   IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; blockchain; healthcare iot; insulin pump security; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; artificial intelligence; cryptography; digital storage;
   glucose; information systems; insulin; learning systems; network security;
   anomaly detection; blockchain; blood sugar levels; continuous glucose
   monitoring; diabetes management; healthcare iot; insulin pump security;
   insulin pumps; real-time anomaly detections; tinyml; blockchain

---

UT 487
AR Deutel M, 2025, CHARTING INTELL EDGE AI SYST NEXUS, P181
TI Recent Trends in Edge AI: Efficient Design, Training and Deployment of
   Machine Learning Models
AU Deutel M; Mallah M; Wissing J; Scheele S
TC 0
SO CHARTING INTELL EDGE AI SYST NEXUS
PY 2025
AB With a rising demand for ubiquitous smart systems, processing and
   interpreting large quantities of data generated on the edge at a high
   velocity is becoming an increasingly important challenge.  Machine learning
   (ML) models such as Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are an essential tool of
   today's artificial intelligence due to their ability to make accurate
   predictions given complex tasks and environments.  However, Deep Learning is
   computationally complex and energy intensive.  This seems to contradict the
   characteristics of many edge devices, which have only limited memory,
   computational resources, and energy budget available.  To overcome this
   challenge, an efficient ML model design is crucial that incorporates
   available optimization techniques from hardware, software, and
   methodological perspective to enable energy-efficient deployment and
   operation on the edge.  This work comprehensively summarizes recent
   techniques for training, optimizing, and deploying ML models targeting edge
   devices.  We discuss different strategies for finding deployable ML models,
   scalable DNN architectures, neural architecture search, and multi-objective
   optimization approaches, to enable feasible trade-offs considering available
   resources and latency.  Furthermore, we give insight into DNN compression
   methods such as quantization and pruning.  We conclude by investigating
   different forms of cascaded processing, from simple multi-level approaches
   to highly branched compute graphs and early-exit DNNs.  © The Editor(s) and
   The Author(s) 2025. All rights reserved.
DE cascaded processing; energy efficient ai; neural architecture search;
   pruning; quantization; tinyml
ID architecture; budget control; cascade control systems; complex networks;
   cost effectiveness; deep neural networks; energy efficiency; learning
   systems; memory architecture; multiobjective optimization; cascaded
   processing; energy efficient; energy efficient ai; machine learning models;
   neural architecture search; neural architectures; neural networks; pruning;
   quantization; tinyml; economic and social effects

---

UT 489
AR Omprakash M, 2025, PROC INT CONF INVEN SYST CONTROL ICISC, P990, DOI
   10.1109/ICISC65841.2025.11187666
TI IoT-Enabled Smart Ventilation System with Edge-Based Oxygen Regulation and
   Embedded Clinical Training
AU Omprakash M; Saisukirtha S; Shane Steffy S; Dilip Kumar S
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF INVEN SYST CONTROL ICISC
PY 2025
AB An IoT-enabled, edge-intelligent ventilation system is being designed to
   address the shortcomings of manual Ambu bags and expensive ventilators in
   the decentralized and resource-scarce settings.  The system envisages the
   use of an ESP32 microcontroller, and a modular sensor unit namely MAX30102
   for oxygen saturation and pulse rate, DHT11 for temperature and humidity,
   MPX5010DP for differential airway pressure, MQ-135 for CO2, SF06 for oxygen
   flow and AWM720P1 for real-time airflow monitoring.  Sensor information is
   transmitted via HTTP to a cloud-based dashboard where it can be continuously
   visualized, trended, and alerted on.  TinyML-based decision tree regressor
   implemented based on TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers predicts
   dynamically that oxygen is needed between 1 to 10 liters/min and controls
   motor-driven compression and valves.  A web-based simulation interface
   transmits artificial ventilation characteristics and identifies respiratory
   condition such as normoxia, hypoxia, and hyperventilation with 94.6%
   accuracy.  For anomaly detection, a lightweight Isolation Forest model is
   employed and it accurately distinguishes 91.2% abnormal physiological
   behaviors and sensor malfunctions.  Ambient light and sound sensors enable
   context-aware diagnostics and a capacitive stretch sensor monitors chest
   expansion to evaluate breathing effort.  Built-in battery management and
   redundancy modules provide continuous operation.  The system has been tested
   in mock clinical settings, and is being transformed into a product-grade
   MVPP for the intended scalable deployment during an emergency response and
   clinical training scenario.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE clinical simulation; edge ai; esp32; http; iot; oxygen prediction; smart
   ventilation; tinyml

---

UT 490
AR Chiapputo N, 2025, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V13457, DOI 10.1117/12.3054009
TI Improving single-image super-resolution through hyperparameter tuning
AU Chiapputo N; Bailey CP
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2025
AB Single-image super-resolution is an increasingly popular field of research
   with the growing desire for high-resolution images coupled with the
   increasing cost for high-resolution image sensors.  Traditional techniques
   such as bicubic and linear interpolation produce low-quality images, leading
   to the increasing in machine learning applications for super-resolution.
   However, the state-of-the-art in single-image super-resolution relies on
   prohibitively large and complex models that are unsuited for practical
   implementations.  In this work, we improve on the Tiny Pixel Shuffling
   Super-Resolution model at 1,356 parameters and show that extremely small and
   efficient models can outperform much larger networks with proper
   hyperparameter and training tuning.  © COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the
   abstract is permitted for personal use only.
DE efficient neural network; image processing; machine learning; super-
   resolution; tinyml
ID big data; image enhancement; learning systems; machine learning; remote
   sensing; tuning; efficient neural network; high resolution images; hyper-
   parameter; image super resolutions; images processing; machine learning;
   neural networks; single images; super-resolution; tinyml; optical resolving
   power

---

UT 491
AR Sudha M, 2025, PROC - INT CONF RECENT INNOV SCI ENG TECHNOL ICRISET, DOI
   10.1109/ICRISET64803.2025.11252416
TI An Unsupervised TinyML Approach with Efficient Edge AI for Effective Stress
   and Sleep Monitoring
AU Sudha M; Neelaveni P; Pooja E; Mangaiyarkarasi V; Begum R; Jayanthi J
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF RECENT INNOV SCI ENG TECHNOL ICRISET
PY 2025
AB The creation of embedded technologies for detecting stress and categorizing
   sleep stages has been prompted by the need for monitoring health in real
   time.  The UTMESS model combines data from various sensors, deep learning,
   and AI to monitor health using affordable devices.  It improves the
   representation of features for accurate modeling of physiological states by
   collecting data from inertial measurement units and heart rate variability
   to create 12-channel tensors.  The proposed model uses transfer learning
   with MobileNetV2 for health classification and an LSTM autoencoder for the
   effective monitoring of stress and sleep process.  It is optimized for
   embedded devices through pruning and feature engineering.  When run on the
   ESP32S3 microcontroller, UTMESS achieves 98.5% accuracy in the simulation
   demonstration which effectively distinguishes stress levels according to the
   given data, aligns well with known sleep stages, uses low energy, and
   performs excellently.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge artificial intelligence model and effective stress and sleep
   monitoring; tinyml process; unsupervised learning approach
ID deep learning; learning systems; patient monitoring; physiological models;
   unsupervised learning; edge artificial intelligence model and effective
   stress and sleep monitoring; effective stress; embedded technology;
   intelligence models; learning approach; sleep monitoring; sleep stage;
   stress monitoring; tinyml process; unsupervised learning approach; sleep
   research

---

UT 492
AR Puslecki T, 2025, IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - BERL ICCE-BERLIN, P171,
   DOI 10.1109/ICCE-Berlin67488.2025.11277682
TI Optimizing TinyML: User-oriented Trade-offs in Accuracy and Energy
   Consumption
AU Puslecki T; Walkowiak K
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - BERL ICCE-BERLIN
PY 2025
AB This paper proposes a user-configurable approach to energy-efficient machine
   learning inference in TinyML devices.  TinyML is the deployment of machine
   learning models on lowpower, resource-constrained devices at the edge.
   Rather than relying on a single monolithic model, our method allows
   switching between classification models of varying complexity based on user
   preferences or system conditions.  Inspired by power-saving modes in
   consumer electronics, we introduce a method where users can select between a
   high-accuracy or energy-saving mode.  Using a Random Forest classifier on
   the HAR, WISDM and PAMAP2 datasets and deploying models to STM32MP257F MPU,
   we demonstrate that varying the number of decision trees allows a balance
   between prediction accuracy and energy consumption.  Experimental results
   show that energy savings (depending on the mode) can be achieved with
   minimal loss of classification quality.  This flexible model-switching
   approach offers a promising direction for future adaptive TinyML systems,
   especially in battery-constrained environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE consumer electronics; embedded systems; energy-consumption; tinyml
ID decision trees; economic and social effects; energy conservation; learning
   systems; machine learning; random forests; embedded-system; energy-
   consumption; energy efficient machine; low power; machine learning models;
   machine learning; tinyml; trade off; user configurable; user oriented;
   embedded systems

---

UT 494
AR Pavan M, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2136 CCIS, P168, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-74640-6_13
TI Unveiling the Potential of Tiny Machine Learning for Enhanced People
   Counting in UWB Radar Data
AU Pavan M; Navarro LG; Caltabiano A; Roveri M
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) allows to move the intelligence processing as
   close as possible to where data are generated, hence reducing the latency
   with which a decision is made and being able to process data even when
   remote connection is scarce or absent.  In this technological scenario,
   Ultra-Wideband (UWB) radar data represent a new and challenging source of
   data providing relevant information, while guaranteeing the privacy of
   users.  This paper introduces a novel TinyML solution able to count the
   number of people in a given area by processing UWB radar data.  This novel
   solution was carefully designed to guarantee a high counting accuracy, while
   reducing the memory and computational demand so as to be executed on tiny
   devices.  Experimental results on a real-world UWB radar dataset show the
   effectiveness of the proposed solution.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE people counting; tiny machine learning; ultra-wideband ( uwb ) radar
ID data privacy; computational demands; intelligence processing; machine
   learning; novel solutions; number of peoples; people counting; process data;
   radar data; tiny machine learning; ultra-wideband radars; adversarial
   machine learning

---

UT 495
AR Pande PP, 2025, IEEE DES TEST, V42, P4, DOI 10.1109/MDAT.2025.3584864
TI Special Issue on TinyML
AU Pande PP
TC 0
SO IEEE DES TEST
PY 2025
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 496
AR Buil B, 2025, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
TI TinyML as a Service on Multi-Tenant Microcontrollers
AU Buil B; Baccelli E/1; Gaber C; Bouzefrane S
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) allows the execution of small machine
   learning models on low-power devices like microcontrollers.  TinyML-as-a-
   Service (TinyMLaaS) is an architecture to make the usage of TinyML models
   easier by having a platform that optimizes and compiles machine learning
   models according to the constraints of target devices, and then deploys the
   model code on microcontrollers.  Within the Cloud-to-IoT continuum, both
   TinyML and multi-tenant microcontrollers focus on empowering
   microcontrollers and enabling on-device computing.  Multi-tenant
   microcontrollers are designed to securely execute codes from mutually
   distrusting actors through the usage of lightweight software
   containerization solutions, likeWebAssembly.  In this paper, we propose to
   integrate TinyMLaaS with multi-tenant microcontrollers by using WebAssembly-
   based containerization, and we implement a proof-of-concept of the TinyMLaaS
   architecture based on WebAssembly Micro Runtime (WAMR) and RIOT-ML. In the
   second part of the paper, to improve the usage of containerized TinyML on
   microcontrollers, we propose CS4WAMR, a framework to enhance WAMR usage by
   enabling running simultaneously multiple instances of WAMR to allow better
   permission and memory consumption control.  © 2026, Junction Publishing.
   All rights reserved.
DE cloud-to-iot continuum; containers; iot; microcontrollers; tinymlops;
   webassembly

---

UT 497
AR Martinez-Rau LS, 2025, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC62753.2025.11079096
TI An On-Device Hybrid Machine Learning Approach for Anomaly Detection in
   Conveyor Belt Operations
AU Martinez-Rau LS; Zhang Y/4; Vu QNP; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 0
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2025
AB The mining sector harnesses advancements in automation, digitalization, and
   interconnected technologies from Industry 4.0 to enhance efficiency, safety,
   and sustainability.  Conveyor belts play a critical role in mining
   operations, facilitating the continuous and efficient transport of bulk
   materials over long distances, directly impacting productivity.  While
   anomaly detection in specific conveyor belt components has been extensively
   studied, continuous monitoring to identify root causes of failures remains
   in its early stages.  Existing methods for anomaly detection in mining
   conveyor belt duty cycles rely on supervised machine learning (ML) to
   classify internal machine modes as an intermediate step.  While these
   approaches offer high explainability, they are constrained by the need for
   extensive labeled data for internal machine modes.  This study proposes a
   novel pattern recognition approach combining unsupervised and supervised ML
   models for real-time anomaly detection in conveyor belt operational cycles.
   By evaluating combinations of TinyML models, the approach achieved average
   F1-scores of 83.2% for abnormal cycles and 97.0% for normal cycles,
   surpassing the state-of-the-art by 11.4% and 3.3%, respectively.  Deployed
   on low-power microcontrollers, the proposed methods demonstrated efficient,
   real-time operation, reducing energy consumption by up to 84.5% (4.1 μJ per
   inference) and program memory usage by up to 72.1%. These results provide
   valuable insights for detecting early mechanical failures and enabling
   targeted preventive maintenance.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; conveyor belt; industry 40; low power microcontroller;
   tinyml; unsupervised learning
ID data mining; digital storage; failure ( mechanical ); industry 40; labeled
   data; learning systems; microcontrollers; pattern recognition; preventive
   maintenance; supervised learning; unsupervised learning; anomaly detection;
   bulk materials; conveyor belts; hybrid machine learning; low power
   microcontrollers; machine learning approaches; mining operations; mining
   sector; supervised machine learning; tinyml; anomaly detection; belt
   conveyors

---

UT 499
AR Ren H, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2136 CCIS, P126, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-74640-6_10
TI TinyMetaFed: Efficient Federated Meta-learning for TinyML
AU Ren H; Li X/3; Anicic D; A Runkler T
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The field of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has made substantial
   advancements in democratizing machine learning on low-footprint devices,
   such as microcontrollers.  The prevalence of these miniature devices raises
   the question of whether aggregating their knowledge can benefit TinyML
   applications.  Federated meta-learning is a promising answer to this
   question, as it addresses the scarcity of labeled data and heterogeneous
   data distribution across devices in the real world.  However, deploying
   TinyML hardware faces unique resource constraints, making existing methods
   impractical due to energy, privacy, and communication limitations.  We
   introduce TinyMetaFed, a model-agnostic meta-learning framework suitable for
   TinyML. TinyMetaFed facilitates collaborative training of a neural network
   initialization that can be quickly fine-tuned on new devices.  It offers
   communication savings and privacy protection through partial local
   reconstruction and Top-P% selective communication, computational efficiency
   via online learning, and robustness to client heterogeneity through few-shot
   learning.  The evaluations on three TinyML use cases demonstrate that
   TinyMetaFed can significantly reduce energy consumption and communication
   overhead, accelerate convergence, and stabilize the training process.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE edge computing; federated meta-learning; internet of things; neural
   networks; online learning; tiny machine learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; zero-shot learning; edge
   computing; federated meta-learning; footprint devices; machine learning
   applications; machine learning; meta-learning; miniature devices; neural
   networks; online learning; tiny machine learning; federated learning

---

UT 500
AR Machado H, 2025, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC, P29,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT66048.2025.11122074
TI Timing Challenges in Vehicular TinyML: Characterizing End-To-End Latency
AU Machado H; Andrade M; Silva M; Silva I; Brandao D; Ferrari P
TC 0
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC
PY 2025
AB The increasing integration between IoT and embedded machine learning has
   created new opportunities for realtime vehicular applications.  However,
   mobile and heterogeneous environments still face latency and communication
   challenges that impact the reliability of such systems.  This paper presents
   an empirical performance analysis of a vehicular sensing pipeline
   implemented through the App2Car mobile application, which collects data from
   vehicles using OBD-II interfaces, performs on-device inference using TinyML
   algorithms, and transmits results to the cloud.  A case study involved two
   OBD-II device models, two smartphone models, and six vehicles from different
   manufacturers.  The analysis focused on the temporal behavior of three key
   stages: PID request time, local inference time, and cloud transmission
   latency.  Results highlight the impact of hardware configurations and
   environmental conditions on system performance, offering valuable insights
   for the design of lowlatency vehicular IoT solutions using commodity
   hardware.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE edge computing; latency analysis; obd-ii; tinyml; vehicular iot
ID computer hardware; inference engines; intelligent systems; internet of
   things; learning systems; mobile computing; mobile edge computing; edge
   computing; embedded machines; end to end latencies; latency analysis;
   machine learning; obd-ii; real- time; tinyml; vehicular applications;
   vehicular iot; timing circuits

---

UT 634
AR Mendis HR, 2025, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V44,
   P3990, DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2025.3555963
TI Intermittent-Friendly Neural Architecture Search: Demystifying Accuracy and
   Overhead Tradeoffs
AU Mendis HR; Yen C-H; Kang C-K; Hsiu P-C
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2025
AB The fusion of tiny energy harvesting devices with deep neural networks (DNN)
   optimized for intermittent execution is vital for sustainable intelligent
   applications at the edge.  However, current intermittent-aware neural
   architecture search (NAS) frameworks overlook the inherent intermittency
   management overhead (IMO) of DNNs, leading to under-performance upon
   deployment.  Moreover, we observe that straightforward IMO minimization
   within NAS may degrade solution accuracy.  This work explores the
   relationship between DNN architectural characteristics, IMO, and accuracy,
   uncovering the varying sensitivity toward IMO across different DNN
   characteristics.  Inspired by our insights, we present two guidelines for
   leveraging IMO sensitivity in NAS. First, the overall architecture search
   space can be reduced to exclude parameters with low IMO sensitivity, and
   second, network blocks with high IMO sensitivity can be primarily focused
   during the search, facilitating the discovery of highly accurate networks
   with low IMO. We incorporate these guidelines into TiNAS, which integrates
   cutting-edge tiny NAS and intermittent-aware NAS frameworks.  Evaluations
   are conducted across various datasets and latency requirements, as well as
   deployment experiments on a Texas Instruments device under different
   intermittent power profiles.  Compared to two variants, one minimizing IMO
   and the other disregarding IMO, TiNAS, respectively, achieves up to 38%
   higher accuracy and 33% lower IMO, with greater improvements for larger
   datasets.  Its deployed solutions also achieve up to a 1.33 times inference
   speedup, especially under fluctuating power conditions.  © 1982-2012 IEEE.
DE deep neural networks ( dnn ); energy harvesting; intermittent systems;
   neural architecture search; tinyml
ID energy; energy harvesting device; intelligent applications; intermittency;
   intermittent systems; neural architecture search; neural architectures;
   neural networks; tinyml; trade off; deep neural networks

---

UT 663
AR Ibrahim Qureshi K, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2342 CCIS, P184, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-2189-7_15
TI Deep Reinforcement Learning-Based Joint Transmission Power and Channel
   Selection in UAV-Assisted Wireless Networks
AU Ibrahim Qureshi K; Wang L/3; Ali Lodhi M; Ejaz MA
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The proliferation of smart devices and the Internet of Things (IoT) has led
   to a substantial increase in the demand for multimedia services,
   necessitating high data rates in heterogeneous networks.  This demand can be
   effectively addressed through the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs),
   which are highly flexible and can be readily deployed to locations requiring
   network coverage.  However, current wireless technologies rely on licensed
   spectrum.  The scarcity of wireless spectrum makes it difficult to
   efficiently utilize frequency reuse without encountering co-channel
   interference.  In this paper, we propose a UAV-based wireless network that
   delivers on-demand services using unlicensed spectrum.  Using unlicensed
   spectrum also requires careful frequency reuse planning.  We address the
   challenge of determining the optimal channel and transmission power for UAVs
   acting as aerial wireless access points.  To tackle this issue, we present a
   deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based solution that leverages tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) for on-device inference, taking into account the energy
   and computational constraints of the UAVs.  Simulation results highlight the
   performance of our proposed solution when deployed on UAVs.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
   2025.
DE drl; internet of things; internet of uavs; tinyml
ID cochannel interference; deep learning; deep reinforcement learning;
   inductive power transmission; reinforcement learning; unmanned aerial
   vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; frequency reuse; internet of unmanned
   aerial vehicle; joint transmissions; machine learning; reinforcement
   learnings; spectras; tiny machine learning; transmission power selections;
   unlicensed spectrum; multimedia services

---

UT 685
AR Zein AK, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P481, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_57
TI Neural Architecture Search for Optimized TinyML Applications
AU Zein AK; Diab RA; Yaacoub M; Ibrahim A
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Integrating machine learning algorithms on circuits with low power
   consumption and low hardware complexity is challenging at the different
   levels of the design process.  In network design at the software level, it
   is crucial to balance a high classification accuracy, while minimizing model
   complexity to reduce hardware demands.  This paper proposes a search
   approach integrated with the Neural Architecture Search (NAS) to enhance the
   performance and reduce the complexity of deep learning models.  Accuracy and
   number of Floating-Point Operations Per Second (FLOPS) are employed as
   evaluation metrics for the targeted models.  The experimental results
   demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms similar state-of-the-art
   architectures while exhibiting comparable accuracy with up to a 70%
   reduction in complexity.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
ID deep learning; integrated circuit design; design-process; hardwares
   complexity; in networks; integrating machines; low power consumption; lower-
   power consumption; machine learning algorithms; network design; neural
   architectures; power low; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 810
AR Agrawal A, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P168, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885765
TI TinyAP: A Smart Access Point to detect KRACK on WPA2 Handshake in Wi-Fi
   using TinyML
AU Agrawal A; Maiti RR
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2) security protocol suite has been challenged
   by a recently discovered Key Reinstallation Attack (KRACK) that forces a
   supplicant to use an all zero-key for encryption.  This has triggered the
   proposal of a new security protocol suite, WPA3. However, the existing Wi-Fi
   devices rely only on WPA2, leaving them vulnerable to KRACK. In this paper,
   we propose a TinyML-based solution, called TinyAP, to address the problem of
   detecting KRACK at the Wi-Fi router itself.  Specifically, we have built up
   a framework of TinyAP where a trained TinyML model can be executed in a
   micro-controller for inference, and the micro-controller can be used as a
   plugin to access point (AP). We have used an open-sourced Wi-Fi network
   dataset containing KRACK trace and trained two-class classifiers using Multi
   Layer Perceptron (MLP) models.  Then, we have converted these trained models
   into TinyML models using Tensor FLow Lite (TFLite) Micro libraries to be
   considered as TinyAP models.  We have compared the performance of the TinyAP
   models in terms of their memory consumption, and size with the counterpart
   MLP models.  The TinyAP models show a 21x reduction in memory usage for
   prediction and a 9x reduction in the trained model size on average as
   compared to their counterpart MLP models.  The TinyAP model achieved an
   average accuracy of 98.63% in detecting KRACK attack.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE krack; tinyml; wi-fi
ID network layers; network security; tensors; wi-fi; % reductions; access
   points; key reinstallation attack; microcontroller; multilayers perceptrons;
   reinstallation; security protocol suite; tinyml; wi-fi; wi-fi protected
   access; wireless local area networks ( wlan )

---

UT 831
AR Boubaker S, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1306, P511, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-0644-3_46
TI TinyML Model for Solar Cell Defect Classification Based on
   Electroluminescence Images
AU Boubaker S; Moussaoui C; Mellit A/1; Benghanem M
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB Being largely utilized as alternative sources of energy, photovoltaic (PV)
   panels are being deployed in many locations.  However, those panels are
   extensively being prone to faults.  A careful detection and diagnosis of
   those faults becomes a must for solar energy engineers, practitioners and
   decision-makers in order to extract the maximum of energy from them.  The
   integration of artificial intelligence (AI) in the domain of solar energy
   management has become a trend in the few previous years because of the high
   potential provided by machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL)
   algorithms in handling issues related to PV systems such as control and
   fault detection and isolation (FDI). In this paper, TinyML models for defect
   classification of photovoltaic modules based on electroluminescence (EL)
   images were developed.  An open-source platform, Edge Impulse, was used to
   design and deploy the models.  Two convolutional neural network models
   (mobileNetV1 and mobileNetV2) have been used and compared.  A dataset of EL
   with three anomalies was used to develop the models.  The validation test
   shows an accuracy of 88.44 and 76.38% for respectively MobileNet-V1 and
   MobileNet-V2. The quantized (Int8) model has been integrated into a
   microcontroller (Arduino Portenta H7) for real-time application.  The
   obtained results can be considered as promising and can be extended to other
   case studies with more defects and larger datasets.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE classification; electroluminescence images; mobilenet; pv panels
ID convolutional neural networks; deep learning; information management;
   network security; alternative sources of energy; decision makers; defect
   classification; detection and diagnosis; electroluminescence images; energy;
   high potential; mobilenet; photovoltaic panels; previous year; decision
   making

---

UT 844
AR Saha B, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P871, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885634
TI GenCPruneX: Adaptive Channel-wise Pruning for Efficient TinyML Deployment
   with Genetic Multi-Objective Optimization
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh SK/1; Roy RB
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB Deploying deep learning (DL) models in resource-constrained TinyML
   environments requires careful optimization to balance accuracy, memory,
   computation, and energy efficiency.  Neural network pruning, a vital
   optimization technique, removes insignificant neurons and filters, enabling
   efficient deployment on edge devices.  While existing open-source tools like
   TensorFlow Lite focus on unstructured pruning by zeroing out weights, this
   approach often fails to reduce inference-time resource usage on general-
   purpose processors, making structured pruning essential for removing entire
   filters or neurons.  This paper presents GenCPruneX, an open-source
   structured pruning tool tailored to optimize deep learning models for
   efficient deployment in resource-limited environments.  Using an L1 norm-
   based importance metric, GenCPruneX prunes channels in convolutional layers
   and neurons in dense layers, reducing resource consumption with minimal
   performance trade-offs.  It operates in three modes: Fixed, applying uniform
   pruning ratios; Dynamic, enabling layer-specific pruning; and Genetic,
   employing a genetic algorithm to optimize pruning ratios for accuracy and
   hardware constraints such as RAM, MAC operations, flash memory, latency, and
   energy.  Experiments on six benchmark datasets show significant resource
   optimizations with minimal accuracy loss; for example, on the Visual Wake
   Word dataset, RAM, MACs, Flash memory, latency, and energy usage were
   reduced by 32%, 82%, 74%, 80%, and 65%, respectively, with only a 3%
   accuracy drop.  The tool is open-source and available at
   https://github.com/BidyutSaha/GenCPruneX, serving as a valuable TinyML
   optimization toolkit and supporting broader adoption and further research in
   resource-efficient TinyML solutions.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE channel-wise pruning; edge ai; embedded ai; genetic algorithm; hardware-
   aware optimization; model compression; multiobjective optimization;
   resource-constrained deep learning; tinyml
ID benchmarking; constrained optimization; deep learning; digital storage;
   multilayer neural networks; multiobjective optimization; resource
   allocation; channel-wise pruning; edge ai; embedded ai; hardware-aware
   optimization; memory energies; model compression; multi-objectives
   optimization; optimizations; resource-constrained deep learning; tinyml;
   energy efficiency

---

UT 856
AR Saha B, 2025, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P842, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS63942.2025.10885594
TI Efficiency Redefined: Impact of Reducing Data Acquisition Rate for Optimized
   TinyML in Resource-Constrained IoT Devices
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh SK/1; Roy RB
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2025
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) enables cost-effective, privacy-focused
   machine learning inference on micro-controller units (MCUs) connected to
   sensors.  For these resource-limited settings, achieving an optimized design
   is essential.  This study examines the impact of reducing data acquisition
   rates on TinyML models designed for time series classification, especially
   in battery-powered IoT devices with tight resource constraints.  By
   decreasing sampling frequency, we aim to lower computational requirements -
   such as RAM usage, energy consumption, latency, and multiply-accumulate
   (MAC) operations - by approximately four times while preserving
   classification accuracy.  Experiments conducted with six benchmark datasets
   (UCIHAR, WISDM, PAMAP2, MHEALTH, MIT-BIH, and PTB) indicate that reduced
   data acquisition rates substantially lessen energy demands and computational
   overhead with minimal impact on accuracy.  For instance, lowering the
   acquisition rate by 75% for the MIT-BIH and PTB datasets resulted in a 60%
   reduction in RAM use, 75% fewer MAC operations, 74% shorter latency, and a
   70% decrease in energy consumption, all without compromising accuracy.
   These findings offer key insights into the deployment of optimized TinyML
   models in constrained environments.  © 2025 IEEE.
DE machine learning; neural network optimization; on-device computing;
   resource-constrained environments; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; neural networks; privacy by design;
   acquisition rates; energy-consumption; machine learning models; machine
   learning; multiply-accumulate operations; neural network optimization; on-
   device computing; resource-constrained environment; tiny machine learning

---

UT 882
AR Lazzaroni L, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P497, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_59
TI Quantization of MobileNetV2 for Resource-Constrained Microcontrollers
AU Lazzaroni L; Bellotti F; Dabbous A; Pighetti A; Berta R
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB The proliferation of IoT and edge computing devices demands for efficient
   deployment strategies due to their limited computational capabilities and
   energy constraints.  This paper investigates the application of deep
   learning models in such resource-constrained environments, focusing on the
   quantization of the MobileNetV2 architecture.  We evaluate three primary
   quantization techniques: dynamic quantization, static quantization, and
   quantization-aware training.  Using a subset of the Vehicle Make and Model
   Recognition dataset, specifically the Most Stolen Vehicles in the US in
   2017, we compare our results with a previous study, highlighting the
   advancements achieved through MobileNetV2 and its quantization process.
   Deployment on two STM32 boards, L4 and H7 series, demonstrates the
   effectiveness of the quantized MobileNetV2 model in achieving efficient,
   low-power, and low-latency execution on low-power MCUs.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE internet of things; microcontrollers; mobilenetv2; quantization; stm32; tiny
   machine learning
ID computational capability; computing devices; deployment strategy; edge
   computing; low power; machine learning; mobilenetv2; quantization; stm32;
   tiny machine learning; deep learning

---

UT 902
AR Hammad SS, 2025, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1151 LNNS, P286, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-80946-0_29
TI Anomaly Detection for Trust Management in Internet of Things Systems
AU Hammad SS; Trilles S
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2025
AB The fast growth of Internet of Things systems has transformed the way policy
   decisions are made based on the data produced by these devices.  These data
   are prone to errors and anomalies and can present privacy and security
   issues which can affect policy decisions.  Therefore, it is necessary that,
   at each layer of Internet of Things architecture, the data undergo a process
   to ensure its quality.  This paper presents a framework for building a trust
   management system for Internet of Things devices using anomaly detection in
   different layers of IoT architecture and formulation of a reputation index.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG
   2025.
DE anomaly detection; iot; reputation index; tinyml; trust management
ID anomaly detection; fast growths; iot; policy decisions; privacy and
   security; privacy issue; reputation index; security issues; tinyml; trust
   management; differential privacy

---

UT 908
AR Yaacoub M, 2025, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1369 LNEE, P563, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-84100-2_67
TI Data Glove System: Real-Time Resistance Classification with Embedded Machine
   Learning
AU Yaacoub M; Vanlaeres M; Shebly D; Valle M; Gianoglio C
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2025
AB This paper introduces a data glove prototype equipped with inertial
   measurement units (IMUs) for real-time resistance classification.  Three
   pins with different resistance levels were used to evaluate the proposed
   system.  A shallow one-dimensional convolutional neural network was employed
   to process the raw data from the integrated sensors.  The network was
   deployed on a low-cost, constrained device.  The system achieved a real-time
   inference classification accuracy of 92.22% with a latency of 19.70 ms while
   consuming 1,397.76 mJ of energy.  Overall, the proposed system is a
   promising candidate for various biomedical applications requiring real-time
   inference, such as stroke rehabilitation.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2025.
DE data glove; machine learning ( ml ); tinyml; wearable system
ID adversarial machine learning; machine learning; data glove; embedded
   machines; inertial measurements units; machine learning; machine learning;
   real- time; real-time inference; time resistance; tinyml; wearable systems;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 931
AR Al Zein H, 2025, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V13517, DOI 10.1117/12.3055282
TI Beehive State and Events Recognition Through Sound Analysis Using TinyML
AU Al Zein H; Yaacoub A; Haidar S
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2025
AB The optimization of neural networks software and hardware techniques has
   enabled the integration of complex networks onto small devices, giving rise
   to the TinyML paradigm.  This study focuses on applying TinyML to the
   recognition of beehive states, treating it as an audio event detection
   problem.  Identifying crucial audio features for hive events, we present a
   machine learning pipeline covering model training, multi-stage evaluation,
   and conversion for deployment on the Arduino Nano BLE Sense 33. Achieving up
   to 99% accuracy, our approach facilitates early detection of anomalous
   behaviors in beehives, crucial for wildlife preservation.  Automation in
   hyperparameter tuning, particularly in audio-related challenges, enhances
   efficiency in feature extraction, showcasing the potential of TinyML in
   solving real-world problems with minimal resources and power consumption.  ©
   2025 SPIE.
DE ai in agriculture; deep learning; machine learning; machine vision systems
   and components; tinyml
ID ai in agriculture; deep learning; event recognition; machine vision system
   and component; machine vision systems; machine learning; state recognition;
   states and events; tinyml; vision components; machine vision

---

UT 939
AR Ali Lodhi M, 2025, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2342 CCIS, P217, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-96-2189-7_18
TI TinyML-Based Approach for Dynamic Transmission Power in LoRaWAN Network
AU Ali Lodhi M; Wang L/3; Ibrahim Qureshi K; Mahmood K
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2025
AB The Blind Adaptive Rate (B-ADR) algorithm, designed by Semtech for LoRaWAN
   networks, is tailored for mobile applications to allocate the spreading
   factor before each uplink transmission.  This enhances reliability even in
   areas with fluctuating signal quality, a common occurrence in mobile
   applications.  However, B-ADR predominantly focuses on spreading factor (SF)
   adjustment and overlooks dynamic transmission power control, leading to
   increased energy consumption.  Consequently, this article proposes a novel
   and efficient B-ADR methodology tailored for mobile applications, leveraging
   Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). In this approach, TinyML is deployed on each
   End Device (ED), enabling intelligent selection of optimal transmission
   power alongside SF before each uplink transmission.  The proposed framework
   entails offline model training followed by real-time prediction execution on
   deployed EDs.  Simulation results demonstrate superior performance of the
   proposed approach compared to typical B-ADR implemented on EDs.  Thus, the
   proposed methodology proves to be well-suited for dense mobile applications
   within LoRaWAN networks.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2025.
DE intelligent algorithms; internet of things; lorawan; mobility; tinyml
ID adaptive algorithms; energy utilization; inductive power transmission;
   adaptive rate; intelligent algorithms; lorawan; machine learning; mobile
   applications; mobility; spreading factor; tiny machine learning;
   transmission power; uplink transmission; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 967
AR Liu H-I, 2024, ACM COMPUT SURV, V56, DOI 10.1145/3657282
TI Lightweight Deep Learning for Resource-Constrained Environments: A Survey
AU Liu H-I; Galindo M; Xie H/1; Wong L-K; Shuai H-H; Li Y-H; Cheng W-H
TC 178
SO ACM COMPUT SURV
PY 2024
AB Over the past decade, the dominance of deep learning has prevailed across
   various domains of artificial intelligence, including natural language
   processing, computer vision, and biomedical signal processing.  While there
   have been remarkable improvements in model accuracy, deploying these models
   on lightweight devices, such as mobile phones and microcontrollers, is
   constrained by limited resources.  In this survey, we provide comprehensive
   design guidance tailored for these devices, detailing the meticulous design
   of lightweight models, compression methods, and hardware acceleration
   strategies.  The principal goal of this work is to explore methods and
   concepts for getting around hardware constraints without compromising the
   model’s accuracy.  Additionally, we explore two notable paths for
   lightweight deep learning in the future: deployment techniques for TinyML
   and Large Language Models.  Although these paths undoubtedly have potential,
   they also present significant challenges, encouraging research into
   unexplored areas.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE efficient transformer; large language models; lightweight model; model
   compression; quantization; tinyml
ID computational linguistics; deep learning; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; natural language processing systems; signal processing; biomedical
   signals processing; efficient transformer; language model; language
   processing; large language model; lightweight model; model compression;
   natural languages; quantization; tinyml; computer hardware

---

UT 954
AR Oliveira F, 2024, INTERNET THING, V26, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2024.101153
TI Internet of Intelligent Things: A convergence of embedded systems, edge
   computing and machine learning
AU Oliveira F; Costa DG; Assis F; Silva I
TC 149
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2024
AB This article comprehensively reviews the emerging concept of Internet of
   Intelligent Things (IoIT), adopting an integrated perspective centred on the
   areas of embedded systems, edge computing, and machine learning.  With rapid
   developments in these areas, new solutions are emerging to address
   previously unsolved problems, demanding novel research and development
   paradigms.  In this sense, this article aims to fulfil some important
   research gaps, laying down the foundations for cutting-edge research works
   following an ever-increasing trend based on embedded devices powered by
   compressed artificial intelligence models.  For that, this article first
   traces the evolution of embedded devices and wireless communication
   technologies in the last decades, leading to the emergence of IoT
   applications in various domains.  The evolution of machine learning and its
   applications, along with associated challenges and architectures, is also
   discussed.  In this context, the concept of embedded machine learning
   (TinyML) is introduced within the context of the Internet of Intelligent
   Things paradigm, highlighting its unique characteristics and the process of
   developing and deploying such solutions.  Furthermore, we perform an
   extensive state-of-the-art survey to identify very recent works that have
   implemented TinyML models on different off-the-shelf embedded devices,
   analysing the development of practical solutions and discussing recent
   research trends and future perspectives.  By providing a comprehensive
   literature review across all layers of the Internet of Intelligent Things
   paradigm, addressing potential applications and proposing a new taxonomy to
   guide new development efforts, this article aims to offer a holistic
   perspective on this challenging and rapidly evolving research field.  © 2024
   The Author(s)
DE artificial intelligence; hardware; iot; survey; tinyml

---

UT 540
AR Ficco M/1, 2024, FUSION, V104, DOI 10.1016/j.inffus.2023.102189
TI Federated learning for IoT devices: Enhancing TinyML with on-board training
AU Ficco M/1; Guerriero A; Milite E; Palmieri F/1; Pietrantuono R; Russo S
TC 112
SO FUSION
PY 2024
AB The spread of the Internet of Things (IoT) involving an uncountable number
   of applications, combined with the rise of Machine Learning (ML), has
   enabled the rapid growth of pervasive and intelligent systems in a variety
   of domains, including healthcare, environment, railway transportation and
   Industry 4.0. While this opens up favorable scenarios, it also raises new
   challenges.  The huge amount of data collected and processed by ML
   applications requires efficient and scalable solutions that contrast with
   the constrained capabilities of IoT devices as for memory, power
   consumption, processing and network bandwidth.  The TinyML technologies
   foster the adoption of ML algorithms running locally on IoT devices.
   However, they typically foresee a remote training process (e.g., on cloud
   servers) combined with local inference – a strategy not always viable, e.g.,
   for privacy and security issues.  We present a technique to enable the on-
   board training of ML algorithms on IoT devices, through the combination of
   federated learning (FL) and transfer learning (TL). We experimentally
   analyze it in classification and regression problems, comparing it to
   traditional FL solutions, as well as with a consolidated technique based on
   Tensorflow Lite.  Results show that FL with TL reaches accuracy values
   better than FL without TL in both classification (86.48%) and regression
   (0.0201). These results are comparable with a model trained on the full
   dataset.  We further analyze training and inference time and power
   consumption on various devices.  Finally, we evaluate how the performance
   changes with unbalanced training datasets, showing that although they
   strongly impact accuracy, FL makes models more robust, letting them achieve
   accuracy comparable to when trained on balanced datasets.  © 2023 The
   Author(s)
DE federated learning; internet of things; tinyml; transfer learning
ID electric power utilization; energy efficiency; intelligent systems; learning
   systems; transfer learning; federated learning; healthcare environments;
   machine learning algorithms; machine learning applications; machine
   learning; railway industry; railway transportation; rapid growth; tinyml;
   transfer learning; internet of things

---

UT 531
AR Capogrosso L, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P23406, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3365349
TI A Machine Learning-Oriented Survey on Tiny Machine Learning
AU Capogrosso L; Cunico F; Cheng DS; Fummi F; Cristani M
TC 99
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has positively
   revolutionized the field of Artificial Intelligence by promoting the joint
   design of resource-constrained IoT hardware devices and their learning-based
   software architectures.  TinyML carries an essential role within the fourth
   and fifth industrial revolutions in helping societies, economies, and
   individuals employ effective AI-infused computing technologies (e.g., smart
   cities, automotive, and medical robotics). Given its multidisciplinary
   nature, the field of TinyML has been approached from many different angles:
   this comprehensive survey wishes to provide an up-to-date overview focused
   on all the learning algorithms within TinyML-based solutions.  The survey is
   based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-
   Analyses (PRISMA) methodological flow, allowing for a systematic and
   complete literature survey.  In particular, firstly, we will examine the
   three different workflows for implementing a TinyML-based system, i.e., ML-
   oriented, HW-oriented, and co-design.  Secondly, we propose a taxonomy that
   covers the learning panorama under the TinyML lens, examining in detail the
   different families of model optimization and design, as well as the state-
   of-the-art learning techniques.  Thirdly, this survey will present the
   distinct features of hardware devices and software tools that represent the
   current state-of-the-art for TinyML intelligent edge applications.  Finally,
   we discuss the challenges and future directions.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE edge intelligence; efficient deep learning; embedded systems; tinyml
ID application programs; deep learning; embedded systems; internet of things;
   learning algorithms; anomaly detection; benchmark testing; computational
   modeling; deep learning; edge computing; edge intelligence; efficient deep
   learning; embedded-system; hardware; machine learning; systematic; tinyml;
   edge computing

---

UT 943
AR Xi M, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21061, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3350525
TI A Lightweight Reinforcement-Learning-Based Real-Time Path-Planning Method
   for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
AU Xi M; Dai H; He J/1; Li W; Wen J; Xiao S; Yang J
TC 94
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB The unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are competent to perform a variety of
   applications, possessing great potential and promise.  The deep neural
   networks (DNN) technology has enabled the UAV-assisted paradigm, accelerated
   the construction of smart cities, and propelled the development of the
   Internet of Things (IoT). UAVs play an increasingly important role in
   various applications, such as surveillance, environmental monitoring,
   emergency rescue, and supplies delivery, for which a robust path-planning
   technique is the foundation and prerequisite.  However, existing methods
   lack comprehensive consideration of the complicated urban environment and do
   not provide an overall assessment of the robustness and generalization.
   Meanwhile, due to the resource constraints and hardware limitations of UAVs,
   the complexity of deploying the network needs to be reduced.  This article
   proposes a lightweight, reinforcement-learning-based (RL-based) real-time
   path-planning method for UAVs, adaptive SAC (ASAC) algorithm, which
   optimizing the training process, network architecture, and algorithmic
   models.  First of all, we establish a framework of global training and local
   adaptation, where the structured environment model is constructed for
   interaction, and local dynamically varying information aids in improving
   generalization.  Second, ASAC introduces a cross-layer connection approach
   that passes the original state information into the higher layers to avoid
   feature loss and improve learning efficiency.  Finally, we propose an
   adaptive temperature coefficient, which flexibly adjusts the exploration
   probability of UAVs with the training phase and experience data
   accumulation.  In addition, a series of comparison experiments have been
   conducted in conjunction with practical application requirements, and the
   results have fully proved the favorable superiority of ASAC.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE internet of things ( iot ); path planning; real-time applications;
   reinforcement learning; tiny machine learning ( ml ); unmanned aerial
   vehicles ( uavs )
ID antennas; deep neural networks; drones; internet of things; job analysis;
   motion planning; network architecture; network security; real-time systems;
   reinforcement learning; actor-critic algorithm; aerial vehicle; heuristics
   algorithm; internet of thing; machine learning; real-time application;
   reinforcement learnings; task analysis; tiny machine learning; unmanned
   aerial vehicle; heuristic algorithms

---

UT 513
AR Kallimani R, 2024, MULTIMED TOOLS APPL, V83, P29015, DOI
   10.1007/s11042-023-16740-9
TI TinyML: Tools, applications, challenges, and future research directions
AU Kallimani R; Pai K; Raghuwanshi P; Iyer S; López OLA
TC 79
SO MULTIMED TOOLS APPL
PY 2024
AB In recent years, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine learning (ML) have
   gained significant interest from both, industry and academia.  Notably,
   conventional ML techniques require enormous amounts of power to meet the
   desired accuracy, which has limited their use mainly to high-capability
   devices such as network nodes.  However, with many advancements in
   technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT) and edge computing, it is
   desirable to incorporate ML techniques into resource-constrained embedded
   devices for distributed and ubiquitous intelligence.  This has motivated the
   emergence of the TinyML paradigm which is an embedded ML technique that
   enables ML applications on multiple cheap, resource- and power-constrained
   devices.  However, during this transition towards appropriate implementation
   of the TinyML technology, multiple challenges such as processing capacity
   optimisation, improved reliability, and maintenance of learning models’
   accuracy require timely solutions.  In this article, various avenues
   available for TinyML implementation are reviewed.  Firstly, a background of
   TinyML is provided, followed by detailed discussions on various tools
   supporting TinyML. Then, state-of-art applications of TinyML using advanced
   technologies are detailed.  Lastly, detailed prospects are presented which
   include various research challenges and identification of future directions.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media,
   LLC, part of Springer Nature 2023.
DE edge computing; embedded ai; iot; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; edge computing; learning systems; ubiquitous
   computing; application research; artificial intelligence learning; edge
   computing; embedded artificial intelligence; future research directions;
   machine learning techniques; machine learning; power; tinyml; tool
   applications; internet of things

---

UT 508
AR Trilles S, 2024, INTERNET THING, V25, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2024.101063
TI Anomaly detection based on Artificial Intelligence of Things: A Systematic
   Literature Mapping
AU Trilles S; Hammad SS; Iskandaryan D
TC 74
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2024
AB Advanced Machine Learning (ML) algorithms can be applied using Edge
   Computing (EC) to detect anomalies, which is the basis of Artificial
   Intelligence of Things (AIoT). EC has emerged as a solution for processing
   and analysing information on IoT devices.  This field aims to allow the
   implementation of Machine/Deep Learning (DL) models on MicroController Units
   (MCUs). Integrating anomaly detection analysis on Internet of Things (IoT)
   devices produces clear benefits as it ensures the use of accurate data from
   the initial stage.  However, this process poses a challenge due to the
   unique characteristics of IoT. This article presents a Systematic Literature
   Mapping of scientific research on the application of anomaly detection
   techniques in EC using MCUs.  A total of 18 papers published over the period
   2021–2023 were selected from a total of 162 in four databases of scientific
   papers.  The results of this paper provide a comprehensive overview of
   anomaly detection using TinyML and MCUs.  The main contributions of this
   survey are the fact that it aims to: (a) study techniques for anomaly
   detection in ML/DL and validation metrics used in the AIoT; (b) analyse data
   used in the estimation of models; (c) show how ML is applied in EC using
   hardware or software; (d) investigate the main microcontrollers, types of
   power supply, and communication technology; and (e) develop a taxonomy of
   ML/DL algorithms used to detect anomalies in TinyML. Finally, the benefits
   and challenges of this kind of TinyML analysis are described.  © 2024 The
   Author(s)
DE anomaly detection; artificial intelligence of things; edge computing;
   microcontroller units; tinyml

---

UT 922
AR Tsoukas V, 2024, ACM COMPUT SURV, V56, DOI 10.1145/3661820
TI A Review on the emerging technology of TinyML
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Boumpa E; Kakarountas A
TC 65
SO ACM COMPUT SURV
PY 2024
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is an emerging technology proposed by the
   scientific community for developing autonomous and secure devices that can
   gather, process, and provide results without transferring data to external
   entities.  The technology aims to democratize AI by making it available to
   more sectors and contribute to the digital revolution of intelligent
   devices.  In this work, a classification of the most common optimization
   techniques for Neural Network compression is conducted.  Additionally, a
   review of the development boards and TinyML software is presented.
   Furthermore, the work provides educational resources, a classification of
   the technology applications, and future directions and concludes with the
   challenges and considerations.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE constrained hardware; edge ai; machine learning; microcontrollers; neural
   networks; optimization; resource-constrained intelligence; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; digital devices; machine learning; constrained
   hardware; edge ai; emerging technologies; machine learning; neural networks;
   optimizations; resource-constrained intelligence; scientific community; tiny
   machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 658
AR Elhanashi A, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI
   10.3390/electronics13173562
TI Advancements in TinyML: Applications, Limitations, and Impact on IoT Devices
AU Elhanashi A; Dini P; Saponara S; Zheng Q
TC 62
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) have experienced
   rapid growth in both industry and academia.  However, the current ML and AI
   models demand significant computing and processing power to achieve desired
   accuracy and results, often restricting their use to high-capability
   devices.  With advancements in embedded system technology and the
   substantial development in the Internet of Things (IoT) industry, there is a
   growing desire to integrate ML techniques into resource-constrained embedded
   systems for ubiquitous intelligence.  This aspiration has led to the
   emergence of TinyML, a specialized approach that enables the deployment of
   ML models on resource-constrained, power-efficient, and low-cost devices.
   Despite its potential, the implementation of ML on such devices presents
   challenges, including optimization, processing capacity, reliability, and
   maintenance.  This article delves into the TinyML model, exploring its
   background, the tools that support it, and its applications in advanced
   technologies.  By understanding these aspects, we can better appreciate how
   TinyML is transforming the landscape of AI and ML in embedded and IoT
   systems.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE embedded systems; internet of things ( iot ); machine learning optimization;
   resource-constrained devices; tinyml

---

UT 762
AR Liu R, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P20983, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2023.3348837
TI Joint Optimization Risk Factor and Energy Consumption in IoT Networks with
   TinyML-Enabled Internet of UAVs
AU Liu R; Xie M; Liu A; Song H
TC 58
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB The high mobility of Internet unmanned aerial vehicles (IUAVs) has attracted
   attention in the field of data collection.  With the rapid development of
   the Internet of Things (IoT), more and more data are generated by IoT
   networks.  IUAV-aided IoT networks can efficiently collect data in specific
   areas, which is of great significance in disaster relief.  In the data
   collection task, it is necessary to plan the flight trajectory for the data
   collector - IUAV, so that the IUAV can collect data efficiently.  However,
   existing research basically only considers the efficiency of data collection
   by IUAVs, but rarely considers the safety of IUAVs during flight.
   Therefore, this article proposes an IUAV trajectory planning algorithm that
   integrates energy efficiency and safety using local search to address the
   issues mentioned above.  At the same time, a tiny machine learning (TinyML)
   algorithm is designed to assist the IUAV in making real-time decisions
   during flight.  First, we build a general mathematical model that describes
   the risk in a particular region.  Then, consider guiding the IUAV to a safer
   trajectory by introducing virtual nodes in the flight trajectory.
   Furthermore, we designed a local search algorithm for the three tasks of
   IUAV access sequence, IoT networks cluster heads selection, and virtual
   nodes selection and solved them through iterative optimization.  We also
   consider the unreachable situation of the virtual nodes and use TinyML
   technology to help the IUAV adjust the position of the virtual nodes in real
   time in case of an emergency.  In the end, an IUAV trajectory is obtained
   that can efficiently collect IoT networks' data and fly safely.  We have
   conducted a large number of simulation experiments to demonstrate the
   efficiency of the proposed algorithm compared to the baseline algorithm.  ©
   2014 IEEE.
DE data collection; flight safety; internet unmanned aerial vehicle ( iuav
   )-aided internet of things ( iot ) networks; iterative optimization; local
   search; real-time tiny machine learning ( tinyml ) application
ID antennas; clustering algorithms; data acquisition; disaster prevention;
   energy efficiency; energy utilization; interactive computer systems;
   internet of things; machine learning; real-time systems; search engines;
   aerial vehicle; data collection; flight safety; internet of unmanned aerial
   vehicle-aided internet of thing network; iterative optimization; local
   search; machine learning applications; real-time system; real- time; real-
   time tiny machine learning application; trajectory planning; iterative
   methods

---

UT 653
AR Karras A, 2024, FUTUR INTERNET, V16, DOI 10.3390/fi16020042
TI TinyML Algorithms for Big Data Management in Large-Scale IoT Systems
AU Karras A; Giannaros A; Karras C; Theodorakopoulos L; Mammassis CS; Krimpas
   GA; Sioutas S
TC 51
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2024
AB In the context of the Internet of Things (IoT), Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) and Big Data, enhanced by Edge Artificial Intelligence, are
   essential for effectively managing the extensive data produced by numerous
   connected devices.  Our study introduces a set of TinyML algorithms designed
   and developed to improve Big Data management in large-scale IoT systems.
   These algorithms, named TinyCleanEDF, EdgeClusterML, CompressEdgeML,
   CacheEdgeML, and TinyHybridSenseQ, operate together to enhance data
   processing, storage, and quality control in IoT networks, utilizing the
   capabilities of Edge AI. In particular, TinyCleanEDF applies federated
   learning for Edge-based data cleaning and anomaly detection.  EdgeClusterML
   combines reinforcement learning with self-organizing maps for effective data
   clustering.  CompressEdgeML uses neural networks for adaptive data
   compression.  CacheEdgeML employs predictive analytics for smart data
   caching, and TinyHybridSenseQ concentrates on data quality evaluation and
   hybrid storage strategies.  Our experimental evaluation of the proposed
   techniques includes executing all the algorithms in various numbers of
   Raspberry Pi devices ranging from one to ten.  The experimental results are
   promising as we outperform similar methods across various evaluation
   metrics.  Ultimately, we anticipate that the proposed algorithms offer a
   comprehensive and efficient approach to managing the complexities of IoT,
   Big Data, and Edge AI. © 2024 by the authors.
DE edge ai; iot; iot big data management; iot data engineering; iot systems;
   tinyml
ID anomaly detection; big data; clustering algorithms; conformal mapping;
   digital storage; information management; machine learning; predictive
   analytics; quality control; self organizing maps; data engineering; data
   quality; edge ai; internet of thing big data management; internet of thing
   data engineering; internet of thing system; large scale internet; machine
   learning algorithms; machine learning; tiny machine learning; internet of
   things

---

UT 784
AR Hayajneh AM, 2024, IET SMART CITIES, V6, P10, DOI 10.1049/smc2.12072
TI Tiny machine learning on the edge: A framework for transfer learning
   empowered unmanned aerial vehicle assisted smart farming
AU Hayajneh AM; Aldalahmeh SA; Alasali F; Al-Obiedollah H; Zaidi SA; McLernon D
TC 47
SO IET SMART CITIES
PY 2024
AB Emerging technologies are continually redefining the paradigms of smart
   farming and opening up avenues for more precise and informed farming
   practices.  A tiny machine learning (TinyML)-based framework is proposed for
   unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-assisted smart farming applications.  The
   practical deployment of such a framework on the UAV and bespoke internet of
   things (IoT) sensors which measure soil moisture and ambient environmental
   conditions is demonstrated.  The key objective of this framework is to
   harness TinyML for implementing transfer learning (TL) using deep neural
   networks (DNNs) and long short-term memory (LSTM) ML models.  As a case
   study, this framework is employed to predict soil moisture content for smart
   agriculture applications, guiding optimal water utilisation for crops
   through time-series forecasting models.  To the best of authors’ knowledge,
   a framework which leverages UAV-assisted TL for the edge internet of things
   using TinyML has not been investigated previously.  The TL-based framework
   employs a pre-trained data model on different but similar applications and
   data domains.  Not only do the authors demonstrate the practical deployment
   of the proposed framework but they also quantify its performance through
   real-world deployment.  This is accomplished by designing a custom sensor
   board for soil and environmental sensing which uses an ESP32 microcontroller
   unit.  The inference metrics (i.e.  inference time and accuracy) are
   measured for different ML model architectures on edge devices as well as
   other performance metrics (i.e.  mean square error and coefficient of
   determination [R2]), while emphasising the need for balancing accuracy and
   processing complexity.  In summary, the results show the practical
   feasibility of using drones to deliver TL for DNN and LSTM models to ultra-
   low performance edge IoT devices for soil humidity prediction.  But in
   general, this work also lays the foundation for further research into other
   applications of TinyML usage in many different aspects of smart farming.  ©
   2023 The Authors.  IET Smart Cities published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on
   behalf of The Institution of Engineering and Technology.
DE artificial intelligence; data analytics; iot and mobile communications;
   machine learning; smart agriculture; smart cities applications; uav
ID agricultural robots; antennas; big data; data analytics; deep neural
   networks; farms; forecasting; learning algorithms; learning systems; long
   short-term memory; mean square error; smart city; soil moisture; unmanned
   aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; data analytics; internet of thing
   and mobile communication; machine learning; mobile communications;
   performance; smart agricultures; smart city application; transfer learning;
   unmanned aerial vehicle; internet of things

---

UT 560
AR Gaud N, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P35394, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3450499
TI MHCNLS-HAR: Multiheaded CNN-LSTM-Based Human Activity Recognition Leveraging
   a Novel Wearable Edge Device for Elderly Health Care
AU Gaud N; Rathore M; Suman U
TC 43
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB Human activity recognition (HAR) systems include the activities performed by
   a person during daily routines, such as running, walking, and jogging,
   performed with the help of the lower extremities.  This article proposes an
   HAR system designed for health monitoring, focusing on five gesture
   categories: walking, running, jumping, squatting, and other activities for
   data collection.  Data collection was carried out using an Arduino Nano 33
   Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) Sense microcontroller, equipped with a 9°
   inertial measurement unit (IMU) sensor system, at a sampling frequency of
   110 Hz.  For each gesture, 50 samples are collected from 30 subjects of
   various age groups (15-65) from the Indian subcontinent (Asian region). All
   gestures were manifested using the movement of the hip, knee, and ankle
   joints, which captures the spatial and temporal data of the person during
   various gestures.  This research leverages the power of edge computing
   devices by fusing the deep learning code over the Arduino Nano
   microcontroller for gesture recognition.  The multiheaded convolutional
   neural network (CNN) and long short-term memory (LSTM) (MHCNLS)-based deep
   learning model is proposed to classify the gestures.  This model utilizes
   CNN for spatial dependencies and LSTM for sequential, time series
   dependencies in the human activity data.  The proposed MHCNLS model is
   evaluated on three benchmark datasets - WISDM, PAMPM2, and UCI-HAR - and our
   own HEAHL-HAR dataset.  The results of the MHCNLS model are compared with
   various other hybrid deep learning models based on CNN, LSTM, and GRU and
   their combination to classify the gestures and check the stability of the
   model.  The results are evaluated based on various performance index
   accuracy, precision, F1-score, recall, and sensitivity.  The proposed MHCNLS
   model has outperformed all existing state-of-the-art models mentioned in the
   literature with an accuracy of 98.17%. To enable real-time functionality,
   the MHCNLS model was compressed using pruning and quantization and
   successfully deployed on an edge computing device with constrained power,
   data rate, and bandwidth.  The model size was reduced by up to five times
   while maintaining performance accuracy comparable to the uncompressed
   version.  This innovative approach has significant implications for
   healthcare, rehabilitation, sports, prosthetics, and augmented learning.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE bluetooth low energy ( ble ) sense; deep learning; edge device; human
   activity recognition ( har ); tinyml
ID benchmarking; deep neural networks; electronic health record;
   electrotherapeutics; gesture recognition; image annotation; image matching;
   joints ( anatomy ); long short-term memory; mhealth; network security;
   wearable computers; ble sense; convolutional neural network; data
   collection; deep learning; edge computing; edge device; human activity
   recognition; human activity recognition systems; short-term memory; tinyml;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 789
AR Kong X, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21135, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3365293
TI Energy Consumption Optimization of UAV-Assisted Traffic Monitoring Scheme
   with Tiny Reinforcement Learning
AU Kong X; Ni C; Duan G; Shen G; Yang Y; Das SK
TC 42
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) equipped with high-definition cameras have
   the capability to capture comprehensive and multiangled images of road
   conditions, facilitating more efficient collection of pertinent road data.
   However, drones encounter challenges in performing related tasks for an
   extended period due to their limited energy capacity.  Therefore, a crucial
   concern is how to plan the path of UAVs and minimize energy consumption.  To
   address this problem, we propose a multiagent deep deterministic policy
   gradient (MADDPG)-based algorithm for UAV path planning (MAUP). Considering
   the energy consumption and memory usage of MAUP, we have conducted
   optimizations to reduce consumption on both fronts.  First, we define an
   optimization problem aimed at reducing UAV energy consumption.  Second, we
   transform the defined optimization problem into a reinforcement learning
   problem and design MAUP to solve it.  Finally, we optimize energy
   consumption and memory usage by reducing the number of neurons in the hidden
   layer of MAUP and conducting fine-grained pruning on connections.  The final
   simulation results demonstrate that our method effectively reduces the
   energy consumption of UAVs compared to other methods.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE energy-consumption optimization; multi-agent deep deterministic policy
   gradient ( maddpg ); multi-agent reinforcement learning ( marl ); tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml ); unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) path planning
ID antennas; internet of things; job analysis; motion planning; multi-agent
   systems; optimization; reinforcement learning; roads and streets; unmanned
   aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; deterministics; energy-consumption
   optimization; energy-consumption; gradient-based; machine learning; multi-
   agent; multi-agent deep deterministic policy gradient-based; multi-agent
   reinforcement learning; optimizations; policy gradient; reinforcement
   learnings; task analysis; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial vehicle
   path planning; vehicle path planning; energy utilization

---

UT 957
AR Huang J, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P7346, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3419784
TI An Energy Harvesting Algorithm for UAV-Assisted TinyML Consumer Electronic
   in Low-Power IoT Networks
AU Huang J; Yu T; Chakraborty C; Yang F/1; Lai X; Alharbi A; Yu K
TC 42
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) play a crucial role in remote environmental
   applications of the Low-Power Internet of Things (IoT) network.  However,
   the interaction between a large number of consumer electronics products
   integrated with TinyML (CEP-TML) may lead to serious interference and
   overlap issues in Low-Power IoT networks, which still pose challenges to the
   lifespan of UAVs.  To address this issue, this paper proposes an
   interference hypergraph-based energy harvesting resource allocation (IH-
   EHRA) algorithm in UAV-assisted CEP-TML communication (UAV-CEPC-TML)
   networks, aimed at ensuring effective resource management in overlapping
   interference scenarios.  Firstly, we established an interference hypergraph
   model to analyze the types and relationships of interference in a Low-Power
   IoT network, to reduce interference and optimize spectrum resource
   utilization.  Then, in the overlapping interference scenario, we propose an
   EH optimization model with imperfect channel state information (CSI), aiming
   to maximize network throughput while improving the service life of UAVs.
   Finally, we optimize the model into two subproblems and apply learning
   theory to reduce the impact of imperfect CSI to obtain the optimal solution
   to the problem.  The simulation results show that the algorithm can
   effectively ensure the EH requirements of UAVs, and improve the interference
   efficiency and throughput of the network.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE energy harvesting; interference hypergraph; low power internet of things;
   tinyml consumer electronics; uav
ID antennas; channel state information; internet of things; low power
   electronics; resource allocation; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial
   vehicle; consumer electronics products; environmental applications; hyper
   graph; imperfect channel state information; interference hypergraph; low
   power; low power internet of thing; tinyml consumer electronic; unmanned
   aerial vehicle; energy harvesting

---

UT 677
AR Wang X/1, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P8835, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3353146
TI MI-BMInet: An Efficient Convolutional Neural Network for Motor Imagery
   Brain-Machine Interfaces With EEG Channel Selection
AU Wang X/1; Hersche M; Magno M; Benini L
TC 41
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB A brain machine interface (BMI) based on motor imagery (MI) enables the
   control of devices using brain signals while the subject imagines performing
   a movement.  It plays a key role in prosthesis control and motor
   rehabilitation.  To improve user comfort, preserve data privacy, and reduce
   the system s latency, a new trend in wearable BMIs is to execute algorithms
   on low-power microcontroller units (MCUs) embedded on edge devices to
   process the electroencephalographic (EEG) data in real-time close to the
   sensors.  However, most of the classification models presented in the
   literature are too resource-demanding for low-power MCUs.  This article
   proposes an efficient convolutional neural network (CNN) for EEG-based MI
   classification that achieves comparable accuracy while being orders of
   magnitude less resource-demanding and significantly more energy-efficient
   than state-of-the-art (SoA) models.  To further reduce the model complexity,
   we propose an automatic channel selection method based on spatial filters
   and quantize both weights and activations to 8-bit precision with negligible
   accuracy loss.  Finally, we implement and evaluate the proposed models on
   leading-edge parallel ultralow-power (PULP) MCUs.  The final two-class
   solution consumes as little as 30 μ J/inference with a runtime of 2.95
   ms/inference and an accuracy of 82.51% while using 6.4× fewer EEG channels,
   becoming the new SoA for embedded MI-BMI and defining a new Pareto frontier
   in the three-way trade-off among accuracy, resource cost, and power usage.
   © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE brainaaacomputer interfaces; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ); edge
   computing; embedded systems; feature reduction; machine learning; motor
   imagery ( mi ); tinyml
ID brain computer interface; convolution; data privacy; economic and social
   effects; electroencephalography; embedded systems; energy efficiency; green
   computing; learning systems; machine learning; neural networks;
   convolutional neural network; edge computing; embedded-system; features
   reductions; low power microcontrollers; machine interfaces; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; motor imagery; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 917
AR Bhattacharya S, 2024, EXPERT SYS APPL, V242, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2023.122735
TI Deploying an energy efficient, secure & high-speed sidechain-based TinyML
   model for soil quality monitoring and management in agriculture
AU Bhattacharya S; Pandey M
TC 39
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2024
AB This paper presents an innovative deployment strategy for a power-aware and
   delay-aware TinyML model optimized for agricultural soil quality monitoring
   and management.  The proposed method employs an enhanced fusion of Dynamic
   Voltage and Frequency Scaling (DVFS), Sleep/Wake Strategies based on Genetic
   Algorithms, Energy Harvesting, and Task Partitioning.  Through this method,
   the model reduces energy consumption by 8.5% and delay by 10.4%, while
   maintaining accuracy comparable to state-of-the-art techniques such as
   Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), and
   Q Learning techniques.  The proposed model also uses a Proof-of-Energy
   Efficiency (PoEE) based consensus for creation of new blocks.  These blocks
   are added to different sidechains for strengthening the security levels.
   While blockchains require higher energy during mining, the proposed PoEE
   Model uses a light weight consensus, which is backed by Q Learning based
   sidechain formation process.  This lightweighted combination allows the
   model to reduce delay, maintain lower energy consumption, with better
   communication throughput even under multiple attack scenarios.  This model
   is necessary due to the growing demand for sustainable and accurate
   agricultural practices.  The quality of the soil is crucial to soil yield
   and productivity.  Monitoring and managing soil conditions enables farmers
   to optimize irrigation, fertilization, and overall resource allocation,
   leading to an increase in soil yield and a decrease in environmental
   impacts.  However, the deployment of energy-efficient and low-latency TinyML
   models is essential to enable real-time decision-making in agricultural
   settings with limited resources.  This power-aware and delay-aware TinyML
   model has applications in various agricultural real-time scenarios.  It can
   be used to continuously monitor soil quality parameters including moisture
   content, pH level, and nutrient levels for various farm types.
   Incorporating sensors and low-power microcontrollers, the model enables on-
   site analysis and timely farmer feedbacks.  The decreased energy consumption
   extends the battery life of deployed devices, whereas the decreased delay
   ensures that soil management interventions and treatments are responsive and
   timely for different scenarios.  © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
DE accuracy; delay; energy; farms; scenarios; soil quality monitoring; tinyml
ID crops; decision making; dynamic frequency scaling; energy harvesting; energy
   policy; energy utilization; environmental impact; farms; genetic algorithms;
   learning systems; recurrent neural networks; reinforcement learning; soils;
   voltage scaling; accuracy; delay; energy; energy efficient; quality
   monitoring; scenario; side-chains; soil quality monitoring; soils qualities;
   tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 608
AR Wulfert L, 2024, IEEE TRANS PATTERN ANAL MACH INTELL, V46, P4519, DOI
   10.1109/TPAMI.2024.3355495
TI AIfES: A Next-Generation Edge AI Framework
AU Wulfert L; Kuhnel J; Krupp L; Viga J; Wiede C; Gembaczka P; Grabmaier A
TC 37
SO IEEE TRANS PATTERN ANAL MACH INTELL
PY 2024
AB Edge Artificial Intelligence (AI) relies on the integration of Machine
   Learning (ML) into even the smallest embedded devices, thus enabling local
   intelligence in real-world applications, e.g.  for image or speech
   processing.  Traditional Edge AI frameworks lack important aspects required
   to keep up with recent and upcoming ML innovations.  These aspects include
   low flexibility concerning the target hardware and limited support for
   custom hardware accelerator integration.  Artificial Intelligence for
   Embedded Systems Framework (AIfES) has the goal to overcome these challenges
   faced by traditional edge AI frameworks.  In this paper, we give a detailed
   overview of the architecture of AIfES and the applied design principles.
   Finally, we compare AIfES with TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers (TFLM)
   on an ARM Cortex-M4-based System-on-Chip (SoC) using fully connected neural
   networks (FCNNs) and convolutional neural networks (CNNs). AIfES outperforms
   TFLM in both execution time and memory consumption for the FCNNs.
   Additionally, using AIfES reduces memory consumption by up to 54% when using
   CNNs.  Furthermore, we show the performance of AIfES during the training of
   FCNN as well as CNN and demonstrate the feasibility of training a CNN on a
   resource-constrained device with a memory usage of slightly more than 100 kB
   of RAM.  © 1979-2012 IEEE.
DE edge ai framework; embedded systems; machine learning framework; on-device
   training; resource-constrained devices; tinyml
ID embedded systems; learning systems; neural networks; programmable logic
   controllers; random access storage; speech processing; edge artificial
   intelligence framework; embedded-system; hardware acceleration; learning
   frameworks; machine learning framework; machine learning; on-device
   training; performances evaluation; resource-constrained devices; support
   vectors machine; tinyml; aged; article; artificial intelligence;
   convolutional neural network; female; human; intelligence; machine learning;
   nerve cell network; speech; system-on-chip

---

UT 626
AR Dini P, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI 10.3390/electronics13122322
TI Overview of AI-Models and Tools in Embedded IIoT Applications
AU Dini P; Diana L; Elhanashi A; Saponara S
TC 36
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB The integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) models in Industrial
   Internet of Things (IIoT) systems has emerged as a pivotal area of research,
   offering unprecedented opportunities for optimizing industrial processes and
   enhancing operational efficiency.  This article presents a comprehensive
   review of state-of-the-art AI models applied in IIoT contexts, with a focus
   on their utilization for fault prediction, process optimization, predictive
   maintenance, product quality control, cybersecurity, and machine control.
   Additionally, we examine the software and hardware tools available for
   integrating AI models into embedded platforms, encompassing solutions such
   as Vitis AI v3.5, TensorFlow Lite Micro v2.14, STM32Cube.AI v9.0, and
   others, along with their supported high-level frameworks and hardware
   devices.  By delving into both AI model applications and the tools
   facilitating their deployment on low-power devices, this review provides a
   holistic understanding of AI-enabled IIoT systems and their practical
   implications in industrial settings.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE artificial intelligence; computer vision; deep learning; embedded devices;
   embedded low power; embedded ml; embedded systems; industrial internet of
   things; machine learning; sw/hw tools for ai; tinyml

---

UT 649
AR Hayajneh AM, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P10846, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3354703
TI Intelligent Solar Forecasts: Modern Machine Learning Models and TinyML Role
   for Improved Solar Energy Yield Predictions
AU Hayajneh AM; Alasali F; Salama A; Holderbaum W
TC 36
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The advancement of sustainable energy sources necessitates the development
   of robust forecasting tools for efficient energy management.  A prominent
   player in this domain, solar power, heavily relies on accurate energy yield
   predictions to optimize production, minimize costs, and maintain grid
   stability.  This paper explores an innovative application of tiny machine
   learning to provide real-time, low-cost forecasting of solar energy yield on
   resource-constrained edge internet of things devices, such as micro-
   controllers, for improved residential and industrial energy management.  To
   further contribute to the domain, we conduct a comprehensive evaluation of
   four prominent machine learning models, namely unidirectional long short-
   term memory, bidirectional gated recurrent unit, bidirectional long short-
   term memory, and simple bidirectional recurrent neural network, for
   predicting solar farm energy yield.  Our analysis delves into the impacts of
   tuning the machine learning model hyperparameters on the performance of
   these models, offering insights to improve prediction accuracy and
   stability.  Additionally, we elaborate on the challenges and opportunities
   presented by the implementation of machine learning on low-cost energy
   management control systems, highlighting the benefits of reduced operational
   expenses and enhanced grid stability.  The results derived from this study
   offer significant implications for energy management strategies at both
   household and industrial scales, contributing to a more sustainable future
   powered by accurate and efficient solar energy forecasting.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE deep neural networks; internet of things; solar power forecasting; time
   series forecasting
ID brain; costs; energy efficiency; energy management; energy management
   systems; forecasting; internet of things; long short-term memory; solar
   energy; time series analysis; computational modeling; energy yields; load
   modeling; machine learning models; power forecasting; predictive models;
   solar power forecasting; time series forecasting; time series analysis;
   yield prediction; deep neural networks

---

UT 971
AR Alwaisi Z, 2024, INTERNET THING, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2024.101398
TI Securing constrained IoT systems: A lightweight machine learning approach
   for anomaly detection and prevention
AU Alwaisi Z; Kumar T; Harjula E; Soderi S
TC 34
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2024
AB With the advent of advanced technological developments such as IoT, edge,
   and fog computing, cyber attacks have become increasingly sophisticated.
   IoT networks facilitate collaborative and intelligent tasks across various
   domains, including Industry 4.0, digital healthcare, and home automation.
   However, the proliferation of IoT devices has raised concerns about severe
   attacks, particularly those targeting resource constraints such as energy
   and memory.  In response to these challenges, Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   has emerged as a new research area, focusing on machine learning techniques
   tailored for embedded and IoT systems.  This study proposes an ML detection
   mechanism designed to categorize and detect resource-constrained attacks in
   IoT devices.  We consider IoT devices to be integral components within the
   continuum of edge and cloud computing, leveraging EdgeML and CloudML for
   detection purposes.  Our paper conducts a comparative analysis of ML models,
   with a specific focus on energy consumption and memory usage in IoT
   applications.  We compare various ML methodologies, including cloud-based,
   edge-based, and device-based strategies for both training and detection.
   The evaluation encompasses the application of these ML techniques to petite
   IoT devices, utilizing TinyML, as well as cloud and edge devices.  Our
   findings reveal that the Decision Tree algorithm deployed on smart devices
   surpasses other approaches in terms of training efficiency, resource
   utilization, and the ability to detect resource-constrained attacks on IoT
   devices.  We demonstrate a high level of accuracy, exceeding 96.9%, across
   all presented ML models in detecting resource constraint attacks within IoT
   systems.  In summary, this research serves as a guide for implementing
   effective security measures in the dynamic landscape of IoT and associated
   technologies.  © 2024 The Authors
DE detection; edge ai; energy; internet of things ( iot ); memory; ml; resource
   constraints; smart devices; tinyml

---

UT 651
AR Tekin N, 2024, AD HOC NETW, V153, DOI 10.1016/j.adhoc.2023.103348
TI A review of on-device machine learning for IoT: An energy perspective
AU Tekin N; Aris A; Acar A; Uluagac S; Gungor VC
TC 33
SO AD HOC NETW
PY 2024
AB Recently, there has been a substantial interest in on-device Machine
   Learning (ML) models to provide intelligence for the Internet of Things
   (IoT) applications such as image classification, human activity recognition,
   and anomaly detection.  Traditionally, ML models are deployed in the cloud
   or centralized servers to take advantage of their abundant computational
   resources.  However, sharing data with the cloud and third parties degrades
   privacy and may cause propagation delay in the network due to a large amount
   of transmitted data impacting the performance of real-time applications.  To
   this end, deploying ML models on-device (i.e., on IoT devices), in which
   data does not need to be transmitted, becomes imperative.  However,
   deploying and running ML models on already resource-constrained IoT devices
   is challenging and requires intense energy consumption.  Numerous works have
   been proposed in the literature to address this issue.  Although there are
   considerable works that discuss energy-aware ML approaches for on-device
   implementation, there remains a gap in the literature on a comprehensive
   review of this subject.  In this paper, we provide a review of existing
   studies focusing on-device ML models for IoT applications in terms of energy
   consumption.  One of the key contributions of this study is to introduce a
   taxonomy to define approaches for employing energy-aware on-device ML models
   on IoT devices in the literature.  Based on our review in this paper, our
   key findings are provided and the open issues that can be investigated
   further by other researchers are discussed.  We believe that this study will
   be a reference for practitioners and researchers who want to employ energy-
   aware on-device ML models for IoT applications.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency; internet of things;
   machine learning; tiny machine learning
ID anomaly detection; deep learning; energy efficiency; energy utilization;
   green computing; internet of things; learning systems; power management;
   deep learning; edge computing; energy aware; energy perspectives; energy-
   consumption; images classification; machine learning models; machine
   learning; tiny machine learning; edge computing

---

UT 664
AR Gudiño-Ochoa A, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24041294
TI Noninvasive Diabetes Detection through Human Breath Using TinyML-Powered
   E-Nose
AU Gudiño-Ochoa A; García-Rodríguez JA; Ochoa-Ornelas R; Cuevas-Chávez JI;
   Sánchez-Arias DA
TC 33
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) in exhaled human breath serve as pivotal
   biomarkers for disease identification and medical diagnostics.  In the
   context of diabetes mellitus, the noninvasive detection of acetone, a
   primary biomarker using electronic noses (e-noses), has gained significant
   attention.  However, employing e-noses requires pre-trained algorithms for
   precise diabetes detection, often requiring a computer with a programming
   environment to classify newly acquired data.  This study focuses on the
   development of an embedded system integrating Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   and an e-nose equipped with Metal Oxide Semiconductor (MOS) sensors for
   real-time diabetes detection.  The study encompassed 44 individuals,
   comprising 22 healthy individuals and 22 diagnosed with various types of
   diabetes mellitus.  Test results highlight the XGBoost Machine Learning
   algorithm’s achievement of 95% detection accuracy.  Additionally, the
   integration of deep learning algorithms, particularly deep neural networks
   (DNNs) and one-dimensional convolutional neural network (1D-CNN), yielded a
   detection efficacy of 94.44%. These outcomes underscore the potency of
   combining e-noses with TinyML in embedded systems, offering a noninvasive
   approach for diabetes mellitus detection.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE diabetes mellitus; electronic nose; exhaled breath analysis; tensorflow
   lite; tinyml; vocs
ID algorithms; biomarkers; breath tests; diabetes mellitus; electronic nose;
   humans; machine learning; volatile organic compounds; acetone; biomarkers;
   computer programming; deep neural networks; diagnosis; electronic nose;
   embedded systems; learning algorithms; learning systems; mos devices; oxide
   semiconductors; biological marker; volatile organic compound; diabetes
   detection; diabetes mellitus; embedded-system; exhaled breath analysis;
   human breath; machine learning; medical diagnostics; non-invasive detection;
   tensorflow lite; tiny machine learning; algorithm; breath analysis; diabetes
   mellitus; human; machine learning; procedures; volatile organic compounds

---

UT 728
AR Lamaakal I, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P76589, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3406631
TI A TinyDL Model for Gesture-Based Air Handwriting Arabic Numbers and Simple
   Arabic Letters Recognition
AU Lamaakal I; Ouahbi I; El Makkaoui K; Maleh Y; Plawiak P; Alblehai F
TC 33
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The application of tiny machine learning (TinyML) in human-computer
   interaction is revolutionizing gesture recognition technologies.  However,
   there remains a significant gap in the literature regarding the effective
   recognition of complex scripts, such as Arabic, in real-time applications.
   This research aims to bridge this gap by leveraging TinyML for the accurate
   recognition of Arabic numbers and simple letters through gesture-based air
   handwriting.  For the first time, we introduce a novel tiny deep learning
   (TinyDL) model that utilizes a lightweight convolutional neural network
   (CNN) architecture specifically designed to handle the intricacies of the
   Arabic script and adaptable for the TinyML domain.  Despite the widespread
   use of CNNs in gesture recognition, our model stands out by achieving an
   exceptional accuracy rate of 97.5% in decoding 2D gesture inputs of Arabic
   numerals and letters.  This high level of accuracy demonstrates the
   effectiveness of our TinyDL model in addressing the unique challenges posed
   by Arabic script recognition, thereby making it a user-friendly and
   accessible solution.  Moreover, our research contributes to the advancement
   of TinyML applications in real-world gesture recognition apps, showcasing
   the potential of TinyML in transforming the interaction between humans and
   digital devices.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE arabic letters recognition; arabic numerals; convolutional neural networks (
   cnn ); deep learning ( dl ); gesture-based recognition; human computer
   interaction; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID character recognition; convolution; deep learning; digital devices; gesture
   recognition; human computer interaction; natural language processing
   systems; arabic letter recognition; arabic numerals; atmospheric modeling;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; gesture-based recognition;
   gestures recognition; handwriting recognition; language processing; letter
   recognition; machine learning; natural language processing; natural
   languages; tiny machine learning; wearable devices; neural networks

---

UT 528
AR Lamaakal I, 2024, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V236, P589, DOI
   10.1016/j.procs.2024.05.070
TI A TinyML Model for Gesture-Based Air Handwriting Arabic Numbers Recognition
AU Lamaakal I; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Maleh Y
TC 32
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB In an era where the demand for efficient and practical machine learning (ML)
   solutions on resource-constrained devices is ever-growing, the realm of tiny
   machine learning (TinyML) emerges as a promising frontier.  Motivated by the
   need for lightweight, low-power models that can be deployed on edge devices,
   this research paper presents an innovative TinyML model tailored to
   recognize Arabic hand gestures executed in mid-air.  With a primary emphasis
   on the precise classification of Arabic numbers through these expressive
   hand movements, the paper unveils a comprehensive dataflow architecture.
   This intricate architecture processes accelerometer and gyroscope data to
   derive exact 2D gesture coordinates, a fundamental component of the
   recognition process.  The cornerstone of the proposed model is the
   integration of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), elucidating their
   exceptional role in achieving an impressive 93.8% accuracy rate in the
   classification of diverse Arabic Numbers gestures.  This remarkable level of
   precision underscores the model's efficacy and resilience, rendering it an
   ideal candidate for real-time deployment in various gesture recognition
   scenarios.  © 2024 The Authors.  Published by ELSEVIER B.V.
DE arabic hand gestures; arabic numbers recognition; convolutional neural
   networks ( cnns ); deep learning ( dl ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID character recognition; convolution; deep learning; learning systems; network
   architecture; arabic hand gesture; arabic number recognition; convolutional
   neural network; deep learning; hand gesture; machine learning models;
   machine learning; number recognition; tiny machine learning; convolutional
   neural networks

---

UT 875
AR Javed A/1, 2024, FUTUR INTERNET, V16, DOI 10.3390/fi16060200
TI Implementation of Lightweight Machine Learning-Based Intrusion Detection
   System on IoT Devices of Smart Homes
AU Javed A/1; Ehtsham A; Jawad M; Awais MN; Qureshi A-U-H; Larijani H
TC 32
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2024
AB Smart home devices, also known as IoT devices, provide significant
   convenience; however, they also present opportunities for attackers to
   jeopardize homeowners’ security and privacy.  Securing these IoT devices is
   a formidable challenge because of their limited computational resources.
   Machine learning-based intrusion detection systems (IDSs) have been
   implemented on the edge and the cloud; however, IDSs have not been embedded
   in IoT devices.  To address this, we propose a novel machine learning-based
   two-layered IDS for smart home IoT devices, enhancing accuracy and
   computational efficiency.  The first layer of the proposed IDS is deployed
   on a microcontroller-based smart thermostat, which uploads the data to a
   website hosted on a cloud server.  The second layer of the IDS is deployed
   on the cloud side for classification of attacks.  The proposed IDS can
   detect the threats with an accuracy of 99.50% at cloud level
   (multiclassification). For real-time testing, we implemented the Raspberry
   Pi 4-based adversary to generate a dataset for man-in-the-middle (MITM) and
   denial of service (DoS) attacks on smart thermostats.  The results show that
   the XGBoost-based IDS detects MITM and DoS attacks in 3.51 ms on a smart
   thermostat with an accuracy of 97.59%. © 2024 by the authors.
DE cloud computing; edge machine learning; embedded machine learning; internet
   of things; intrusion detection system; machine learning; tinyml
ID automation; computational efficiency; denial-of-service attack; edge
   computing; embedded systems; intelligent buildings; intrusion detection;
   machine learning; network security; statistical tests; cloud computing; edge
   machine learning; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; intrusion
   detection systems; machine learning; smart homes; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 509
AR Wu Y/3, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P20970, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3360231
TI Intrusion Detection for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Security: A Tiny Machine
   Learning Model
AU Wu Y/3; Yang L/1; Zhang L; Nie L; Zheng L
TC 31
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are vulnerable to network attacks.
   Designing an effective intrusion detection system (IDS) for UAVs is crucial.
   However, UAVs have limited computing resources and need to deal with massive
   amounts of network data, which further increases the difficulty of
   detection.  Moreover, most existing IDSs have large parameters.  In this
   study, we develop a tiny machine learning-based IDS to solve the above
   issue.  We first establish an improved fuzzy rough set (FRS) model based on
   adaptive neighborhoods.  Then, using the proposed FRS model, we employ a
   feature selection (FS) method to select optimal features and reduce the
   overall computational cost of the IDS. Furthermore, we proposed a tiny
   intrusion detection model that attains high-precision detection via shallow
   deep learning.  Additionally, the proposed method can address intrusion
   detection problems in scenarios with partial data missing.  According to the
   evaluations, the proposed method can effectively address intrusion detection
   in UAVs.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE future selection ( fs ); intrusion detection; tiny machine learning ( tml );
   unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs )
ID aircraft detection; antennas; deep learning; feature selection; internet of
   things; network security; rough set theory; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav
   ); aerial vehicle; computational modeling; features extraction; future
   selection; intrusion detection; machine learning; security; tiny machine
   learning; unmanned aerial vehicle; intrusion detection

---

UT 754
AR Reddy KV, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P77707, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3406585
TI Edge AI in Sustainable Farming: Deep Learning-Driven IoT Framework to
   Safeguard Crops From Wildlife Threats
AU Reddy KV; Reddy BSK; Goutham V; Mahesh M; Nisha JS; Palanisamy G; Golla M;
   Purushothaman S; Reddy KR; Ramkumar V
TC 31
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The relentless global population growth and the ever-increasing food demand
   pose formidable challenges to the agricultural sector.  Farmers grapple with
   the ongoing challenge of wildlife-induced crop damage and human loss, which
   not only impedes food production but also exacerbates supply and demand
   imbalances.  However, the rise of TinyML enables Edge AI as a promising
   avenue for implementing resource-efficient deep learning techniques on low-
   end edge devices.  In this paper, we introduce an innovative solution that
   harnesses the power of Edge AI using tinyML-based deep learning algorithms
   in conjunction with the Internet of Things (IoT) for animal intrusion
   detection and deterrence system.  The proposed system is developed to create
   remotely managed defense system tailored to safeguard vast agricultural
   expanses.  It integrates a laser detection system and an AI-CAM with light
   weight deep learning algorithms for animal intrusion detection and
   classification.  This system also ensures efficient animal deterrence and
   real-time monitoring for farmers, enabling them to assess the situation with
   the assistance of an intelligent rover build using IoT. This work emphasizes
   on proposing a light-weight deep learning model named EvoNet for animal
   classification.  Results reveal that the proposed model achieves the highest
   accuracy at 96.7%, surpassing other models presented in this paper.
   However, for edge devices where compact file sizes are crucial, the model
   also offers comparable accuracy with file sizes as low as 1.63MB with the
   help of pruning and quantization techniques.  This conceptualized solution
   has the potential to revolutionize agricultural wildlife management,
   ushering in a new era of crop protection and economic resilience.  © 2013
   IEEE.
DE animal intrusion detection; attention mechanism; deep learning; edge ai;
   evonet; intelligent rover; internet of things; sustainable farming; tinyml
ID animals; crops; deep learning; economics; edge computing; internet of
   things; intrusion detection; learning algorithms; population statistics;
   animal intrusion detection; attention mechanisms; deep learning; edge ai;
   edge computing; evonet; farming; intelligent rover; intrusion detection;
   smart agricultures; sustainable farming; threat assessment; tinyml;
   wildlife; wireless sensor networks

---

UT 748
AR Hayajneh AM, 2024, IEEE OPEN J COMMUN SOC, V5, P1656, DOI
   10.1109/OJCOMS.2024.3373177
TI TinyML Empowered Transfer Learning on the Edge
AU Hayajneh AM; Hafeez M; Zaidi SAR/1; McLernon D
TC 30
SO IEEE OPEN J COMMUN SOC
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a promising approach to enable intelligent
   applications relying on Human Activity Recognition (HAR) on resource-limited
   and low-power Internet of Things (IoT) edge devices.  However, designing
   efficient TinyML models for these devices remains challenging due to
   computational resource constraints and the need for customisation to unique
   use cases.  To address this, we propose a novel approach that utilises
   transfer learning (TL) techniques on edge micro-controller units (MCUs) to
   accelerate TinyML development.  Our strategy involves pre-training
   generalised ML models on large-scale and varied datasets and fine-tuning
   them on-device for specific applications using TL. We demonstrate the
   effectiveness of our approach for HAR by experimenting with a convolutional
   neural network, long short-term memory TL (CNN-LSTM-TL) model architecture
   and visualisation techniques like t-distributed stochastic neighbour
   embedding (t-SNE) for dimensionality reduction.  To further validate our
   model's proficiency and adaptability, we conducted extensive testing using
   two distinct datasets: MotionSense and UCI. This dual-dataset approach
   allowed us to assess the robustness of our model across different data
   domains, showcasing its versatility and effectiveness in various HAR
   scenarios.  Our results show significant model accuracy and reduced training
   time while maintaining high inference rates and low MCU memory footprint.
   We also provide insights into best practices for implementing TL on edge
   MCUs and evaluate classification performance metrics such as accuracy,
   precision, recall, F1 score, and categorical cross-entropy loss.  Our work
   lays a solid foundation for faster and more efficient TinyML deployments
   through TL framework across different application domains and types of edge
   IoT devices.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE deep neural networks; machine learning; tinyml; transfer learning
ID computing power; edge computing; internet of things; long short-term memory;
   microcontrollers; pattern recognition; stochastic models; stochastic
   systems; adaptation models; computational modeling; edge computing; human
   activity recognition; machine learning; performances evaluation; task
   analysis; tiny machine learning; transfer learning; deep neural networks

---

UT 751
AR Akram J, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P4287, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3376440
TI DroneSSL: Self-Supervised Multimodal Anomaly Detection in Internet of Drone
   Things
AU Akram J; Anaissi A; Othman W; Alabdulatif A; Akram A
TC 30
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB In this study, we introduce a pioneering framework, DroneSSL, that
   integrates the concept of spatial crowdsourcing with TinyML to enhance
   anomaly detection in the Internet of Drone Things (IoDT). This innovative
   approach leverages drones and unmanned ground vehicles (UGVs) for expansive
   data collection in environments that are typically inaccessible or
   hazardous, such as during Australian bushfire incidents.  By employing
   lightweight machine learning models alongside advanced communication
   technologies, DroneSSL transcends traditional spatial-temporal data analysis
   methods.  It efficiently processes multimodal data from diverse Points-of-
   Interest (PoIs), significantly improving the quality and speed of data
   collection and analysis.  The framework's integration of a temporal feature
   extraction module with a Graph Neural Network (GNN) and its adaptable,
   scalable GNN architecture tailor DroneSSL for real-time operations in
   resource-constrained IoDT environments.  Achieving an 89.6% F1 score,
   DroneSSL marks a substantial 4.9% improvement over existing approaches,
   highlighting its effectiveness in critical applications such as
   environmental surveillance and emergency response.  This advancement not
   only showcases the potential of combining TinyML with spatial crowdsourcing
   for IoDT but also sets a new standard for efficient, scalable anomaly
   detection, paving the way for future innovations in IoT edge devices and
   environmental monitoring systems.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; autoencoder; data fusion; drones; gnn; self-supervised
   learning; tinyml
ID aircraft detection; data acquisition; data fusion; drones; machine learning;
   network security; quality control; anomaly detection; auto encoders;
   correlation; data collection; graph neural networks; multi-modal; self-
   supervised learning; tinyml; anomaly detection

---

UT 820
AR Khan MW, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21347, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3385994
TI Real-Time Road Damage Detection and Infrastructure Evaluation Leveraging
   Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and Tiny Machine Learning
AU Khan MW; Obaidat MS; Mahmood K; Batool D; Badar HMS; Aamir M; Gao W
TC 30
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Road damage detection (RDD) through computer vision and deep learning
   techniques can ensure the safety of vehicles and humans on the roads.
   Integrating unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in RDD and infrastructure
   evaluation (IE) has also emerged as a key enabler, contributing
   significantly to data acquisition and real-time monitoring of road damages,
   such as potholes, cracks, and surface anomalies, facilitating proactive
   maintenance and improved road conditions.  These UAVs are low-powered and
   resource-constrained devices that work autonomously to perform pattern
   detection and decision making leveraging tiny machine learning (Tiny ML)
   algorithms.  These Tiny ML algorithms are designed to run on edge devices,
   IoT devices, UAVs, etc.  In this study, the RDD2022 data set collected using
   UAVs and dashboard cameras of vehicles was utilized to train pure and mixed
   models that exhibit class instance imbalance in certain classes which is
   addressed by implementing data augmentation as a regularization technique.
   State-of-the-art two-stage detectors: Faster R-CNN ResNet101 and one-stage
   detectors: SSD MobileNet V1 FPN, YOLOv5, and Efficientdet D1 are employed.
   The results indicate that the two-stage detector achieved an impressive mean
   average precision (mAP) of 88.49% overall and 96.62% for focused classes.
   Notably, the state-of-the-art Efficientdet D1 approach achieved a
   competitive mAP of 86.47% overall and 95.12% for focused classes, with
   significantly lower computational cost.  These findings highlight the
   potential of advanced object detection techniques, particularly Efficientdet
   D1, to enhance the accuracy and efficiency of RDD systems, thereby improving
   passenger safety and overall performance.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE efficientdet; faster r-cnn; object detection ( od ); one-stage detectors;
   road damage detection ( rdd ); ssd mobilenet; tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   ); two-stage detectors; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs ); yolov5
ID aircraft detection; antennas; damage detection; data acquisition; decision
   making; deep learning; object recognition; roads and streets; unmanned
   aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; efficientdet; fast r-cnn; machine
   learning; objects detection; one-stage detector; road damage; road damage
   detection; ssd mobilenet; tiny machine learning; two-stage detector;
   unmanned aerial vehicle; yolov5; object detection

---

UT 986
AR Diana L, 2024, REMOTE SENS, V16, DOI 10.3390/rs16213957
TI Review on Hardware Devices and Software Techniques Enabling Neural Network
   Inference Onboard Satellites
AU Diana L; Dini P
TC 29
SO REMOTE SENS
PY 2024
AB Neural networks (NNs) have proven their ability to deal with many computer
   vision tasks, including image-based remote sensing such as the
   identification and segmentation of hyperspectral images captured by
   satellites.  Often, NNs run on a ground system upon receiving the data from
   the satellite.  On the one hand, this approach introduces a considerable
   latency due to the time needed to transmit the satellite-borne images to the
   ground station.  On the other hand, it allows the employment of
   computationally intensive NNs to analyze the received data.  Low-budget
   missions, e.g., CubeSat missions, have computation capability and power
   consumption requirements that may prevent the deployment of complex NNs
   onboard satellites.  These factors represent a limitation for applications
   that may benefit from a low-latency response, e.g., wildfire detection, oil
   spill identification, etc.  To address this problem, in the last few years,
   some missions have started adopting NN accelerators to reduce the power
   consumption and the inference time of NNs deployed onboard satellites.
   Additionally, the harsh space environment, including radiation, poses
   significant challenges to the reliability and longevity of onboard hardware.
   In this review, we will show which hardware accelerators, both from industry
   and academia, have been found suitable for onboard NN acceleration and the
   main software techniques aimed at reducing the computational requirements of
   NNs when addressing low-power scenarios.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE ai hardware accelerators; artificial intelligence; computer vision; deep
   learning; embedded systems; industrial internet of things; low power;
   machine learning; on-board satellite; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; digital storage; health risks; oil spills; risk
   assessment; small satellites; tropics; ai hardware accelerator; deep
   learning; embedded-system; hardware accelerators; industrial internet of
   thing; low power; machine learning; neural networks; on-board satellite;
   tinyml; budget control

---

UT 646
AR Li Y/4, 2024, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST VIDEO TECHNOL, V34, P1772, DOI
   10.1109/TCSVT.2023.3297620
TI TinyPillarNet: Tiny Pillar-Based Network for 3D Point Cloud Object Detection
   at Edge
AU Li Y/4; Zhang Y/2; Lai R
TC 28
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST VIDEO TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB Limited by huge computational cost, high inference latency and large memory
   consumption, existing 3D point cloud object detection methods are hard to be
   deployed on Internet of Things (IoT) edge devices.  To handle this
   challenge, we present an extremely tiny framework termed TinyPillarNet.
   This framework leverages innovative pillar encoder to represent point cloud
   as immensely tiny pseudo-maps for extremely shrinking the input 3D sensing
   data.  Moreover, a compact dual-stream feature extraction network is put
   forward to respectively extract intrinsic feature and distributional
   saliency map, which jointly boosts the detection precision with the lowest
   hardware cost.  Extended experiments on KITTI benchmark demonstrated that
   our TinyPillarNet yields applicable precision with a record tiny weight size
   of 1.69 MB at a high inference speed of 1.67 times faster than the current
   record.  Furthermore, the specially designed prototype verification system
   achieves a superior energy efficiency, which outperforms the similar deep
   learning based point cloud processing solutions on FPGA with a big margin.
   © 1991-2012 IEEE.
DE 3d object detection; fpga; point-cloud; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID deep learning; energy efficiency; extraction; feature extraction; internet
   of things; object detection; object recognition; three-dimensional displays;
   3d object; 3d object detection; features extraction; hardware; machine
   learning; memory-management; objects detection; point-cloud compression;
   point-clouds; three-dimensional display; tiny machine learning; field
   programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 502
AR Rakib AF, 2024, ARAB J SCI ENG, V49, P4097, DOI 10.1007/s13369-023-08280-z
TI A Lightweight Quantized CNN Model for Plant Disease Recognition
AU Rakib AF; Rahman R; Razi AA; Hasan ASMT
TC 27
SO ARAB J SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB Plant health conditions are becoming more prevalent in smart farming, and
   diagnosing plant diseases usually involves a visual inspection and a
   physical examination by experts.  Detecting the signs of a disease at an
   early stage may prevent the spreading of pathogens in the farmland.
   However, these examinations are computationally costly and time-consuming.
   Complex machine learning algorithms such as convolutional neural networks
   cannot run on the resource constraint IoT devices since they require high-
   configuration hardware for training and testing.  Therefore, this paper
   proposes an energy-efficient and computationally lightweight solution
   deployed on an IoT device, i.e., esp32-cam, that can recognize nine (9)
   different plant diseases using a quantized CNN (Q-CNN) approach.  Q-CNN
   speeds up computation and reduces the model size while maintaining optimal
   performance.  The memory overhead of the convolutional layers and fully
   connected layers are compressed via model quantization.  The size of the
   developed model is only 28 KB with exclusive int8 quantization and is
   utterly attainable on low computational edge devices.  Experimental outcomes
   demonstrate that the proposed approach can perform better than existing
   methods, gaining an overall F1 accuracy of 98% on resource-constrained IoT
   devices.  © King Fahd University of Petroleum & Minerals 2023.
DE iot edge device; plant disease recognition; quantized cnn; tinyml

---

UT 814
AR Disabato S, 2024, IEEE TRANS NEURAL NETWORKS LEARN SYS, V35, P8470, DOI
   10.1109/TNNLS.2022.3229897
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Concept Drift
AU Disabato S; Roveri M
TC 27
SO IEEE TRANS NEURAL NETWORKS LEARN SYS
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning (TML) is a new research area whose goal is to design
   machine and deep learning (DL) techniques able to operate in embedded
   systems and the Internet-of-Things (IoT) units, hence satisfying the severe
   technological constraints on memory, computation, and energy characterizing
   these pervasive devices.  Interestingly, the related literature mainly
   focused on reducing the computational and memory demand of the inference
   phase of machine and deep learning models.  At the same time, the training
   is typically assumed to be carried out in cloud or edge computing systems
   (due to the larger memory and computational requirements). This assumption
   results in TML solutions that might become obsolete when the process
   generating the data is affected by concept drift (e.g., due to periodicity
   or seasonality effect, faults or malfunctioning affecting sensors or
   actuators, or changes in the users' behavior), a common situation in real-
   world application scenarios.  For the first time in the literature, this
   article introduces a TML for concept drift (TML-CD) solution based on deep
   learning feature extractors and a k-nearest neighbors (k-NNs) classifier
   integrating a hybrid adaptation module able to deal with concept drift
   affecting the data-generating process.  This adaptation module continuously
   updates (in a passive way) the knowledge base of TML-CD and, at the same
   time, employs a change detection test (CDT) to inspect for changes (in an
   active way) to quickly adapt to concept drift by removing obsolete
   knowledge.  Experimental results on both image and audio benchmarks show the
   effectiveness of the proposed solution, whilst the porting of TML-CD on
   three off-the-shelf micro-controller units (MCUs) shows the feasibility of
   what is proposed in real-world pervasive systems.  © 2012 IEEE.
DE adaptation; concept drift; deep learning ( dl ); k-nearest neighbor ( knn );
   tiny machine learning ( tml )
ID abstracting; deep learning; edge computing; embedded systems; internet of
   things; learning systems; $k$ -near neighbor ( $k$ -nn ); adaptation;
   concept drifts; deep learning; embedded-system; features extraction; machine
   learning; memory-management; nearest-neighbour; tiny machine learning;
   xmlnsmml=; xmlnsxlink=; xmlnsxsi=; feature extraction

---

UT 623
AR Sun Y, 2024, IEEE TRANS IND, V20, P824, DOI 10.1109/TII.2023.3254668
TI TinyAD: Memory-Efficient Anomaly Detection for Time-Series Data in
   Industrial IoT
AU Sun Y; Chen T/2; Nguyen QVH; Yin H
TC 25
SO IEEE TRANS IND
PY 2024
AB Monitoring and detecting abnormal events in cyber-physical systems is
   crucial to industrial production.  With the prevalent deployment of the
   industrial Internet of Things (IIoTs), an enormous amount of time-series
   data is collected to facilitate machine learning models for anomaly
   detection, and it is of the utmost importance to directly deploy the trained
   models on the IIoT devices.  However, it is most challenging to deploy
   complex deep learning models such as convolutional neural networks (CNNs) on
   these memory-constrained IIoT devices embedded with microcontrollers (MCUs).
   To alleviate the memory constraints of MCUs, we propose a novel framework
   named Tiny Anomaly Detection (TinyAD) to efficiently facilitate onboard
   inference of CNNs for real-time anomaly detection.  First, we conduct a
   comprehensive analysis of depthwise separable CNNs and regular CNNs for
   anomaly detection and find that the depthwise separable convolution
   operation can reduce the model size by 50%-90% compared with the traditional
   CNNs.  Then, to reduce the peak memory consumption of CNNs, we explore two
   complementary strategies, 1) in-place; and 2) patch-by-patch memory
   rescheduling, and integrate them into a unified framework.  The in-place
   method decreases the peak memory of the depthwise convolution by sparing a
   temporary buffer to transfer the activation results, while the patch-by-
   patch method further reduces the peak memory of layer-wise execution by
   slicing the input data into corresponding receptive fields and executing in
   order.  Furthermore, by adjusting the dimension of convolution filters,
   these strategies apply to both univariate time series and multidomain time
   series features.  Extensive experiments on real-world industrial datasets
   show that our framework can reduce peak memory consumption by 2-5× with
   negligible computation overhead.  © 2005-2012 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; convolutional neural networks ( cnns ); inference
   optimization; internet of things ( iot ); microcontrollers ( mcus ); on-
   device deep learning; tiny machine learning
ID anomaly detection; convolution; deep learning; embedded systems; information
   management; internet of things; neural networks; time series analysis;
   anomaly detection; computational modeling; convolutional neural network;
   industrial internet of thing; inference optimization; internet of thing;
   machine learning; memory-management; on-device deep learning; optimizations;
   predictive models; time series analysis; tiny machine learning;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 851
AR Fatemeh D, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P108703, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3437192
TI On TinyML and Cybersecurity: Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Use
   Case
AU Fatemeh D; Li Y; Firouz BA; Abdallah S
TC 25
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB As technology advances, the use of Machine Learning (ML) in cybersecurity is
   becoming increasingly crucial to tackle the growing complexity of cyber
   threats.  While traditional ML models can enhance cybersecurity, their high
   energy and resource demands limit their applications, leading to the
   emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) as a more suitable solution for
   resource-constrained environments.  TinyML is widely applied in areas such
   as smart homes, healthcare, and industrial automation.  TinyML focuses on
   optimizing ML algorithms for small, low-power devices, enabling intelligent
   data processing directly on edge devices.  This paper provides a
   comprehensive review of common challenges of TinyML techniques, such as
   power consumption, limited memory, and computational constraints; it also
   explores potential solutions to these challenges, such as energy harvesting,
   computational optimization techniques, and transfer learning for privacy
   preservation.  On the other hand, this paper discusses TinyML’s applications
   in advancing cybersecurity for Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructures
   (EVCIs) as a representative use case.  It presents an experimental case
   study that enhances cybersecurity in EVCI using TinyML, evaluated against
   traditional ML in terms of reduced delay and memory usage, with a slight
   tradeoff in accuracy.  Additionally, the study includes a practical setup
   using the ESP32 microcontroller in the PlatformIO environment, which
   provides a hands-on assessment of TinyML’s application in cybersecurity for
   EVCI. ©2024 The Authors.
DE cybersecurity; electric vehicle charging infrastructure; internet of things;
   tiny machine learning; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; charging ( batteries ); cybersecurity; economic and
   social effects; electric vehicles; energy harvesting; intelligent buildings;
   internet of things; learning systems; microcontrollers; secondary batteries;
   solar energy; battery; cloud computing; cyber security; electric vehicle
   charging; electric vehicle charging infrastructures; machine learning; tiny
   machine learning; automation

---

UT 988
AR Lamaakal I, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1101 LNNS, P32, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-68675-7_4
TI A Deep Learning-Powered TinyML Model for Gesture-Based Air Handwriting
   Simple Arabic Letters Recognition
AU Lamaakal I; Maleh Y; Ouahbi I; El Makkaoui K; Abd El-Latif AA
TC 23
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB This paper offers a novel deep learning (DL)-powered Tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) model meticulously customized to recognize Arabic hand gestures
   (AHGs) executed in mid-air.  The principal focus of this study lies in the
   intricate task of precisely classifying Arabic letters through these
   gestures.  The paper provides a comprehensive exposition of the complex
   dataflow architecture, encompassing the processing of gyroscope and
   accelerometer data to derive precise 2D gesture coordinates.  The pivotal
   role of convolutional neural networks in the DL model is elucidated,
   emphasizing their outstanding performance in reaching a level of accuracy of
   94.2% in classifying diverse AHDs.  This accuracy showcases the model’s
   efficacy and robustness, underscoring its potential for real-time, practical
   deployments in scenarios of gesture recognition.  The implications of this
   research extend beyond the immediate domain of Arabic letter recognition,
   contributing to the progress of TinyML applications in real-world gesture
   recognition apps.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE arabic hand gestures ( ahgs ); deep learning ( dl ); tiny machine learning (
   tinyml )
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; deep learning; deep
   reinforcement learning; gesture recognition; arabic hand gesture; dataflow
   architectures; deep learning; gestures recognition; hand gesture; letter
   recognition; machine learning models; machine learning; simple++; tiny
   machine learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1000
AR Zhang Y/4, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636583
TI Enabling Autonomous Structural Inspections with Tiny Machine Learning on
   UAVs
AU Zhang Y/4; Martinez-Rau LS; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 23
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Visual structural inspections in Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) are an
   important method to ensure the safety and long lifetime of infrastructures.
   Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) with Deep Learning (DL) have gained in
   popularity to automate these inspections.  Yet, the vast majority of
   research focuses on algorithmic innovations that neglect the availability of
   reliable generalized DL models, as well as the effect that the model's
   energy consumption would have on the UAV flight time.  This paper highlights
   the performance of 14 popular CNN models with less than six million
   parameters for crack detection in concrete structures.  Seven of these
   models were successfully deployed to a low-power, resource-constrained mi-
   crocontroller using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). Among the deployed
   models, MobileNetV1-x0.25 achieves the highest test accuracy (75.83%) and
   F1-Score (0.76), the second-lowest flash memory usage (273.5 kB), the
   second-lowest RAM usage (317.1kB), the fourth-fastest single-trial inference
   time (15.8ms), and the fourth-lowest number of Multiply-Accumulate
   operations (MACC) (42126514). Lastly, a hypothetical study of the DJI Mini 4
   Pro UAV demonstrated that the TinyML model's energy consumption has a
   negligible impact on the UAV flight time (34 minutes vs.  33.98 minutes).
   Consequently, this feasibility study paves the way for future developments
   towards more efficient, autonomous unmanned structural health inspections.
   © 2024 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural networks; damage classification; embedded systems;
   structure health monitoring; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial vehicles
ID concrete buildings; convolutional neural networks; dams; solar buildings;
   aerial vehicle; convolutional neural network; damage classification;
   embedded-system; machine learning; structural health; structural
   inspections; structure health monitoring; tiny machine learning; unmanned
   aerial vehicle; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav )

---

UT 539
AR Lin T-H, 2024, ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL, V133, DOI
   10.1016/j.engappai.2024.108618
TI Tiny machine learning empowers climbing inspection robots for real-time
   multiobject bolt-defect detection
AU Lin T-H; Chang C-T; Putranto A
TC 21
SO ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL
PY 2024
AB Ensuring the structural integrity of steel construction is critical,
   necessitating effective methods for detecting bolt defects.  Traditional
   inspection methods are reliable but require significant labor and struggle
   with the accessibility of complex structures.  This research introduces a
   real-time bolt-defect detection system that integrates tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) with a magnetic climbing robot to enhance inspection efficiency and
   scope.  The system employs the faster objects, more objects (FOMO) algorithm
   optimized for edge computing on microcontrollers.  This approach enables
   accurate bolt identification, including normal, loose, and missing bolts.
   The average system accuracy is 82%, with precision and recall values from
   0.57 to 0.89 and 0.67 to 0.87, respectively.  The system demonstrates
   balanced detection, evidenced by an F1 score improvement of up to 62%. The
   FOMO model displays compelling performance on defect detection tasks,
   achieving an F1 score of approximately 75%, outperforming the MobileNetV2
   Single Shot Multibox Detector with Feature Pyramid Networks Lite and You
   Only Look Once version 5 small.  The efficiency of the FOMO model is
   highlighted by its low hardware requirements at less than 0.1 MB of flash
   memory and 893.8 KB of random access memory for the 32-bit floating-point
   data format and is reduced for the 8-bit integer data format, with inference
   times of 142 ms and 86 ms, respectively.  These findings contrast with the
   higher resource demands and slower inference time of the compared models,
   indicating the suitability of the FOMO model for low-capacity
   microcontrollers and its feasibility for real-time applications.  The
   performance analysis across scenarios confirms the high precision (average
   0.77) and recall (average 0.76), validating the robustness of the model in
   diverse environmental conditions.  The system offers an advancement over
   traditional bolt-defect detection methods in accuracy and efficiency by
   leveraging TinyML and a magnetic climbing robot, setting new benchmarks for
   real-time inspection technology.  The quantitative results underscore the
   performance of the system, presenting a scalable, cost-effective solution
   for improving the safety and durability of steel structures.  © 2024
   Elsevier Ltd
DE bolt defect detection; climbing robots; faster objects more objects ( fomo
   ); microcontrollers; object detection; real-time inspection; steel
   structure; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID bolts; cost effectiveness; defects; digital arithmetic; efficiency; flash
   memory; inspection; microcontrollers; bolt defect detection; climbing
   robots; defect detection; fast object more object; machine learning; object
   modeling; objects detection; real- time; real-time inspection; tiny machine
   learning; object detection

---

UT 597
AR Nana Gookyi DA, 2024, SMART AGRIC TECHNOL, V8, DOI
   10.1016/j.atech.2024.100490
TI TinyML for smart agriculture: Comparative analysis of TinyML platforms and
   practical deployment for maize leaf disease identification
AU Nana Gookyi DA; Wulnye FA; Essanoah Arthur EA; Ahiadormey RK; Agyemang JO;
   Agyekum KO-BO; Gyaang R
TC 21
SO SMART AGRIC TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB Maize, a vital global food crop, is susceptible to various diseases
   impacting agricultural yield and quality, necessitating effective monitoring
   strategies.  This study presents a comprehensive approach utilizing advanced
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for efficient maize leaf
   disease detection and classification.  Leveraging datasets from Kaggle,
   Harvard Dataverse, and Mendeley, the proposed CNN maize disease detection
   (MDD) system integrates optimization techniques, data augmentation, batch
   size adjustments, and fine-tuning strategies.  Evaluation through data
   splitting reveals significant correlations among maize leaf classifications
   and the influence of data augmentation on image quality.  Following
   training, the CNN-MDD model is deployed on a Microcontroller Unit (MCU)
   simulation, achieving promising optimization parameters: latency of 7.60 ms,
   RAM size of 726.60 KB, classifier flash size of 344.70 KB, and an accuracy
   of 94.60 %. These optimized parameters align well with MCU specifications,
   highlighting the potential for practical deployment on low-cost edge devices
   like Arduino Ble 33 Sense.  Additionally, this research contributes to the
   creation of a Ghanaian maize crop pest and disease dataset and the
   development of an optimal and cost-effective CNN-MDD MCU edge device, aiming
   to provide local farmers in Ghana and Sub-Saharan Africa with a swift,
   offline solution for maize disease detection, thus fostering sustainable
   agricultural practices.  We conduct a comparative analysis of Edge Impulse
   and TensorFlow, two prominent machine-learning platforms for TinyML model
   development and deployment in various applications, including smart crop
   disease detection.  Utilizing a dataset comprising 12,344 raw images and
   7,454 augmented images of healthy and diseased maize leaves, we evaluate the
   workflow, features, performance, and usability of each platform.  Our
   findings indicate that Edge Impulse holds a slight advantage over TensorFlow
   in terms of ease of use, reliability, and memory footprint, whereas
   TensorFlow offers greater flexibility, customization options, and higher
   accuracy.  We conclude that while both platforms are suitable for crop
   disease detection, a combined approach allows for leveraging TensorFlow's
   robust training capabilities for complex neural networks alongside the
   simplicity of Edge Impulse for deploying models on low-powered edge devices.
   This synergistic approach enhances the effectiveness and efficiency of crop
   disease detection systems, ultimately benefiting agricultural practices and
   food security.  © 2024 The Authors
DE convolutional neural network; maize disease detection; microcontroller unit;
   tinyml

---

UT 744
AR Rahim S, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21391, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3361394
TI TinyFDRL-Enhanced Energy-Efficient Trajectory Design for Integrated Space-
   Air-Ground Networks
AU Rahim S; Peng L; Ho P-H
TC 21
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Space-air-ground integrated networks (SAGINs) hold immense potential for
   improved network coverage and dynamic service delivery.  Yet, current
   methods often depend on separate, uncoordinated unmanned aerial vehicles
   (UAVs), leading to scalability issues and limited energy efficiency -
   challenges that persist even when applying intelligent machine learning (ML)
   methods.  This article discusses a four-tier aerial computing (AC) system,
   leveraging the collective capabilities of low-altitude UAVs (LAUs), high-
   altitude UAVs (HAUs), and satellites to fully realize the potential of
   SAGINs within AC. Incorporating advancements in tiny machine learning
   (TinyML), this system boosts onboard intelligence for immediate data
   processing and adaptive decision making.  Specifically, by utilizing the
   robust computational resources of higher layer SAGIN entities, we introduce
   a tiny federated deep reinforcement learning (TinyFDRL) algorithm across
   multiple tiers to achieve energy-efficient trajectories for multiple LAUs.
   This proposed TinyFDRL algorithm independently plans multi-LAU trajectories
   in unpredictable environments by combining the strengths of federated
   learning (FL) and deep reinforcement learning (DRL). Extensive simulations
   validate the algorithm, confirming its efficiency in creating energy-saving
   paths for LAUs in the integrated AC network.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE aerial computing ( ac ); energy efficiency; federated deep reinforcement
   learning ( fdrl ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); trajectory
   optimization; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs )
ID antennas; data handling; decision making; deep learning; learning
   algorithms; reinforcement learning; trajectories; unmanned aerial vehicles (
   uav ); aerial computing; aerial vehicle; air grounds; federated deep
   reinforcement learning; low altitudes; machine learning; reinforcement
   learnings; tiny machine learning; trajectory optimization; unmanned aerial
   vehicle; energy efficiency

---

UT 796
AR Lin T-H, 2024, AUTOM CONSTR, V164, DOI 10.1016/j.autcon.2024.105446
TI Multispecies hybrid bioinspired climbing robot for wall tile inspection
AU Lin T-H; Chiang P-C; Putranto A
TC 21
SO AUTOM CONSTR
PY 2024
AB This study introduces GLEWBOT (Gecko, Leech, and Woodpecker-inspired Robot),
   a cutting-edge, multispecies hybrid bioinspired robot engineered for
   inspecting exterior wall tiles.  By integrating the adaptive locomotion
   techniques of leeches, the stability mechanisms found in gecko tails, and
   the percussive impact strategy of woodpeckers, GLEWBOT revolutionizes the
   inspection of wall surfaces.  This innovative approach not only boosts
   inspection accuracy but also increases efficiency substantially.
   Constructed using 3D printing technologies, GLEWBOT combines lightweight
   design with structural integrity and integrates advanced microcontrollers
   for real-time, efficient inspection tasks.  The robot features vacuum-based
   suction cup footpads for solid adhesion, minimizing detachment risks, and
   employs a compact machine learning model for instant on-site defect
   detection.  This model, designed for edge computing, overcomes the hurdles
   of high computational demands.  Additionally, GLEWBOT is equipped with an
   AI-powered acoustic recognition module, using a dedicated convolutional
   neural network (CNN) to assess tile integrity objectively.  This
   significantly advances subjective manual inspections, offering a more
   reliable, objective analysis.  Experimental trials involving systematic
   tapping across 26 tiles on a model wall validated GLEWBOT's defect detection
   capabilities.  With an overall accuracy of 74.62%, precision of 75.4%,
   recall of 73.08%, and an F1-score of 74.22%, confirm GLEWBOT's potential as
   a reliable tool for identifying tile defects.  Future work will focus on
   expanding GLEWBOT's versatility across different architectural materials and
   contexts while considering economic and regulatory factors for broader
   deployment.  This research sets a new standard in robotic inspection for
   building maintenance and fosters interdisciplinary collaboration by
   illustrating the successful integration of bioinspired designs and
   artificial intelligence in structural inspections.  © 2023
DE acoustic recognition; climbing robot; convolutional neural network ( cnn );
   defect detection; edge computing; exterior wall tiles inspection; glewbot;
   multispecies hybrid bio-inspired robotics; tiny machine learning
ID 3d printing; cameras; convolution; defects; edge computing; intelligent
   robots; machine learning; walls ( structural partitions ); acoustic
   recognition; bio-inspired robotics; climbing robots; convolutional neural
   network; defect detection; edge computing; exterior wall tile inspection;
   exterior walls; gecko leech and woodpecker-inspired robot; machine learning;
   multispecies; multispecies hybrid bio-inspired robotic; tiny machine
   learning; wall tiles; inspection

---

UT 855
AR Malche T, 2024, TRANS EMERG TELECOMMUN TECHNOL, V35, DOI 10.1002/ett.4878
TI Efficient solid waste inspection through drone-based aerial imagery and
   TinyML vision model
AU Malche T; Maheshwary P; Tiwari PK; Alkhayyat AH; Bansal A; Kumar R
TC 21
SO TRANS EMERG TELECOMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB Solid waste management is a significant challenge in the development of
   smart cities.  Existing approaches for solid waste monitoring are often
   time-consuming and resource intensive.  Therefore, this study proposes a
   novel approach to solid waste monitoring that utilizes drone technology.
   The proposed method enables the efficient identification and classification
   of waste objects in the garbage discovered by the drone.  This system can
   inspect every part of a smart city from a remote location, allowing for the
   timely and effective management of solid waste.  Thus, the proposed system
   can be easily integrated in the existing waste management system for smart
   city.  The drone-based solid waste monitoring system comprises a drone
   equipped with a computer vision model for resource-constrained devices and a
   software application that operates the drone and analyzes the captured image
   or video.  The system utilizes the Internet of Things (IoT) to upload the
   collected data to the cloud, making it easily accessible whenever necessary.
   The proposed drone-based solid waste monitoring system is a promising
   solution for the efficient and cost-effective management of solid waste in
   smart cities.  The system's innovative use of drone technology and IoT
   provides a scalable and adaptable solution that can be customized to meet
   the needs of any city.  © 2023 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ID aerial photography; antennas; application programs; cost effectiveness;
   internet of things; smart city; solid wastes; waste management; aerial
   imagery; effective management; management is; monitoring system; remote
   location; resource-constrained devices; solid waste management; timely
   management; vision model; waste management systems; drones

---

UT 982
AR Kalenberg K, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21372, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3363036
TI Stargate: Multimodal Sensor Fusion for Autonomous Navigation on Miniaturized
   UAVs
AU Kalenberg K; Muller H; Polonelli T; Schiaffino A; Niculescu V; Cioflan C;
   Magno M; Benini L
TC 21
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Autonomously navigating robots need to perceive and interpret their
   surroundings.  Currently, cameras are among the most used sensors due to
   their high resolution and frame rates at relatively low-energy consumption
   and cost.  In recent years, cutting-edge sensors, such as miniaturized depth
   cameras, have demonstrated strong potential, specifically for nano-size
   unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), where low-power consumption, lightweight
   hardware, and low-computational demand are essential.  However, cameras are
   limited to working under good lighting conditions, while depth cameras have
   a limited range.  To maximize robustness, we propose to fuse a millimeter
   form factor 64 pixel depth sensor and a low-resolution grayscale camera.  In
   this work, a nano-UAV learns to detect and fly through a gate with a
   lightweight autonomous navigation system based on two tinyML convolutional
   neural network models trained in simulation, running entirely onboard in 7.6
   ms and with an accuracy above 91%. Field tests are based on the Crazyflie
   2.1, featuring a total mass of 39 g.  We demonstrate the robustness and
   potential of our navigation policy in multiple application scenarios, with a
   failure probability down to 1.2. 10-3 crash/meter, experiencing only two
   crashes on a cumulative flight distance of 1.7 km.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE autonomous navigation; low latency convolutional neural network ( cnn );
   multi-modal; sensor fusion; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav )
ID air navigation; antennas; cameras; energy utilization; navigation systems;
   neural networks; robots; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle;
   autonomous navigation; depth camera; gray scale; low latency; low latency
   cnn; multi-modal; sensor fusion; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle;
   computation theory

---

UT 791
AR Sakr F, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI 10.3390/electronics13091624
TI CBin-NN: An Inference Engine for Binarized Neural Networks
AU Sakr F; Berta R; Doyle J; Capello A; Dabbous A; Lazzaroni L; Bellotti F
TC 20
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB Binarization is an extreme quantization technique that is attracting
   research in the Internet of Things (IoT) field, as it radically reduces the
   memory footprint of deep neural networks without a correspondingly
   significant accuracy drop.  To support the effective deployment of Binarized
   Neural Networks (BNNs), we propose CBin-NN, a library of layer operators
   that allows the building of simple yet flexible convolutional neural
   networks (CNNs) with binary weights and activations.  CBin-NN is platform-
   independent and is thus portable to virtually any software-programmable
   device.  Experimental analysis on the CIFAR-10 dataset shows that our
   library, compared to a set of state-of-the-art inference engines, speeds up
   inference by 3.6 times and reduces the memory required to store model
   weights and activations by 7.5 times and 28 times, respectively, at the cost
   of slightly lower accuracy (2.5%). An ablation study stresses the importance
   of a Quantized Input Quantized Kernel Convolution layer to improve accuracy
   and reduce latency at the cost of a slight increase in model size.  © 2024
   by the authors.
DE binary neural network; cortex-m microcontrollers; edge computing; inference
   engine; internet of things; tinyml

---

UT 845
AR Lamaakal I, 2024, INT CONF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI ICDS, DOI
   10.1109/ICDS62089.2024.10756483
TI Efficient Gesture-Based Recognition of Tifinagh Characters in Air
   Handwriting with a TinyDL Model
AU Lamaakal I; El Mourabit N; El Makkaoui K; Ouahbi I; Maleh Y
TC 20
SO INT CONF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI ICDS
PY 2024
AB Gesture-based recognition of Tifinagh characters in air handwriting presents
   a novel approach to intuitive input methods, particularly beneficial for
   users in regions where Tifinagh scripts are prevalent.  In this paper, we
   propose an efficient solution leveraging TinyDL (Tiny Deep Learning) models
   to achieve remarkable accuracy in character recognition.  Our TinyDL model,
   developed through rigorous experimentation and refinement, achieves an
   impressive accuracy of 97.8%. Furthermore, we address the challenge of model
   size by implementing advanced pruning techniques, resulting in a drastic
   reduction from the original 648KB model to a compact 53KB TinyDL model.
   This significant compression ensures efficient deployment and utilization,
   particularly in resource-constrained environments such as mobile devices and
   embedded systems.  Our findings underscore the potential of TinyDL models in
   enabling high-performance recognition systems while mitigating the overhead
   associated with model size, paving the way for practical deployment of
   gesture-based Tifinagh character recognition solutions.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE air handwriting; deep learning ( dl ); embedded systems; gesture-based
   recognition; tifinagh characters; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID adversarial machine learning; character recognition; contrastive learning;
   deep learning; gesture recognition; air handwriting; deep learning;
   embedded-system; gesture-based recognition; input methods; learning models;
   machine learning; model size; tifinagh character; tiny machine learning;
   embedded systems

---

UT 501
AR Ali Lodhi M, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P30714, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3413585
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Efficient Channel Selection in LoRaWAN
AU Ali Lodhi M; Obaidat MS; Wang L/3; Mahmood K; Ibrahim Qureshi K; Chen J/1;
   Hsiao K-F
TC 19
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Machine learning (ML) has emerged as a promising avenue for enhancing the
   efficiency and intelligence of channel allocation processes.  However,
   deploying ML algorithms on resource-constrained edge devices poses
   significant challenges due to their limited computational capabilities and
   storage capacities.  In this study, we propose leveraging tiny ML (TinyML)
   techniques to address these challenges and optimize channel allocation
   within long range wide area network (LoRaWAN) deployments.  Our key
   innovation lies in replacing traditional random channel allocation methods
   with TinyML-based approaches, wherein each edge device autonomously utilizes
   TinyML to select the most efficient channel prior to each uplink
   transmission.  Furthermore, we conduct comprehensive comparisons between
   TinyML and conventional channel allocation techniques implemented on edge
   devices.  Through extensive simulations, our results demonstrate that TinyML
   outperforms existing channel allocation mechanisms in terms of packet
   success ratio (PSR). Notably, when evaluating TinyML against conventional ML
   approaches in terms of model size and inference time, TinyML exhibits
   superior performance without compromising efficiency.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE intelligent algorithms; internet of things ( iot ); long-range wide area
   network ( lorawan ); mobility; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID artificial intelligence; efficiency; internet of things; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; allocation process; channel allocation;
   channel selection; efficient channels; intelligent algorithms; long-range
   wide area network; machine learning; mobility; tiny machine learning; wide
   area networks; wide area networks

---

UT 683
AR Tang J, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P28437, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3401229
TI UAV-Assisted Digital-Twin Synchronization with Tiny-Machine-Learning-Based
   Semantic Communications
AU Tang J; Nie J; Bai J; Xu J; Li S; Zhang Y/8; Yuan Y
TC 19
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Semantic communication is an emerging paradigm for digital-twin (DT)
   synchronization in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-assisted edge computing
   environments, where machine learning (ML) models are deployed on edge
   servers and UAVs as semantic encoders and decoders to perform real-time
   synchronization.  However, with limited system resources, additional
   computation workloads are still brought to all participants for semantic
   information extraction and recovery.  In this work, we propose an optimized
   tiny-ML-based DT synchronization framework to minimize the synchronization
   latency in UAV-assisted edge computing environments, considering time-
   average constraints on virtual energy deficit queue stability.  Due to the
   coexistence of tiny-ML-based semantic communications, a semantic extraction
   factor is introduced to formulate the DT synchronization problem as a time-
   average time minimization problem.  By leveraging the Lyapunov optimization
   framework, the multistage DT synchronization problem is transformed into
   several per-slot resource allocation problems.  To solve the per-slot
   optimization problem efficiently, a deep reinforcement learning-based
   synchronization (DRLS) algorithm is proposed, where an actor-critic
   structure is adopted to generate synchronization actions with low-time
   complexity.  Finally, we conduct simulation experiments to evaluate the
   performance of the proposed DRLS scheme.  Numerical results demonstrate that
   our DRLS algorithm can reduce 8.23% of DT synchronization delay and 15.31%
   of synchronization data dropping rates on average by comparing it with the
   UAV-edge collaborative synchronization scheme without semantic
   communications.  Besides, the DRLS algorithm can achieve up to 57.14%
   synchronization energy reduction compared with representative
   synchronization policies.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE digital twin ( dt ); drl; tiny machine learning ( ml ); unmanned aerial
   vehicle ( uav )-assisted synchronization
ID antennas; deep learning; e-learning; edge computing; semantics;
   synchronization; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; computing
   environments; drl; edge computing; machine learning; reinforcement
   learnings; semantic communication; synchronization algorithm; tiny machine
   learning; unmanned aerial vehicle-assisted synchronization; reinforcement
   learning

---

UT 708
AR Huang C, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24134124
TI Tiny-Machine-Learning-Based Supply Canal Surface Condition Monitoring
AU Huang C; Sun X; Zhang Y/4
TC 19
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB The South-to-North Water Diversion Project in China is an extensive inter-
   basin water transfer project, for which ensuring the safe operation and
   maintenance of infrastructure poses a fundamental challenge.  In this
   context, structural health monitoring is crucial for the safe and efficient
   operation of hydraulic infrastructure.  Currently, most health monitoring
   systems for hydraulic infrastructure rely on commercial software or
   algorithms that only run on desktop computers.  This study developed for the
   first time a lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) model
   specifically for early detection of structural damage in water supply canals
   and deployed it as a tiny machine learning (TinyML) application on a low-
   power microcontroller unit (MCU). The model uses damage images of the supply
   canals that we collected as input and the damage types as output.  With data
   augmentation techniques to enhance the training dataset, the deployed model
   is only 7.57 KB in size and demonstrates an accuracy of 94.17 ± 1.67% and a
   precision of 94.47 ± 1.46%, outperforming other commonly used CNN models in
   terms of performance and energy efficiency.  Moreover, each inference
   consumes only 5610.18 (Formula presented.) J of energy, allowing a standard
   225 mAh button cell to run continuously for nearly 11 years and perform
   approximately 4,945,055 inferences.  This research not only confirms the
   feasibility of deploying real-time supply canal surface condition monitoring
   on low-power, resource-constrained devices but also provides practical
   technical solutions for improving infrastructure security.  © 2024 by the
   authors.
DE convolutional neural networks ( cnns ); damage classification; embedded
   systems; structural health monitoring ( shm ); tiny machine learning (
   tinyml ); water supply canals
ID canals; convolution; damage detection; deep neural networks; embedded
   systems; energy efficiency; flood control; low power electronics; personal
   computers; structural health monitoring; canal surfaces; convolutional
   neural network; damage classification; embedded-system; machine learning;
   structural health monitoring; surface conditions; tiny machine learning;
   water supply canal; algorithm; article; classification; controlled study;
   convolutional neural network; desktop computer; diagnostic test accuracy
   study; health survey; human; infrastructure; machine learning; software;
   water; water supply; water supply

---

UT 772
AR Chopra G, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21402, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3351733
TI UAV-Assisted Partial Co-Operative NOMA-Based Resource Allocation in CV2X and
   TinyML-Based Use Case Scenario
AU Chopra G; Rani S; Viriyasitavat W; Dhiman G; Kaur A; Vimal S
TC 19
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB The evolution of Internet of Vehicles (IoV) from Internet of Things (IoT)
   has revolutionized Smart cities, enabling vehicle communication for safety
   and traffic information dissemination.  However, fulfilling time-sensitive
   applications like safety alerts via Cellular Vehicle-to-Everything (C-V2X)
   faces resource constraints.  This study presents a nonorthogonal multiple
   access (NOMA)-based resource allocation for C-V2X in ultradense networks
   (UDNs). This article has also discussed the role of tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) in unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and it is demonstrated with use
   case scenario.  Additionally, a generalized expression for scheduling time
   fraction is derived for the proposed scheme.  The proposed framework
   optimizes power allocation, accommodating high-speed users and UAV scenarios
   to improve performance in obstructed regions.  Numerical analysis
   demonstrates an approximate 85% throughput increase over conventional
   schemes, affirming the efficiency of the NOMA-based approach for enhanced
   C-V2X performance.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE cellular vehicle to everything ( c-v2x ); internet of things ( iot );
   internet of vehicles ( iov ); non-orthogonal multiple access ( noma );
   resource allocation; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); ultra-dense network (
   udn ); unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav )
ID antennas; information dissemination; internet of things; resource
   allocation; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); vehicle to vehicle
   communications; aerial vehicle; cellular vehicle to everything; cellulars;
   dense network; internet of vehicle; multiple access; non-orthogonal; non-
   orthogonal multiple access; resource management; resources allocation;
   tinyml; ultra-dense network; unmanned aerial vehicle; vehicle to everything

---

UT 846
AR Saeed MM, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P167, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00014-2
TI TinyML for 5G networks
AU Saeed MM; Saeed RA; Ahmed ZE
TC 18
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB This chapter examines how machine learning and 5G networks interact, with a
   particular emphasis on creating machine learning algorithms that can operate
   on devices with limited resources at the network's edge.  In order to enable
   cognitive processing at the network's edge, the chapter opens with an
   introduction to 5G networks, the 5G network architecture, requirements for
   5G use cases, and security in the wide scope of 5G. The chapter then covers
   various aspects of TinyML, including data collection and preprocessing,
   feature extraction, model training, and model deployment on 5G networks.
   The chapter provides a detailed overview of each of these topics, including
   the challenges and trade-offs involved in designing TinyML algorithms for 5G
   networks.  The chapter also includes several case studies and real-world
   examples of TinyML applications in the context of 5G networks, including
   autonomous vehicles, smart cities, and industrial automation.  These case
   studies demonstrate the potential of TinyML to enable intelligent processing
   and decision-making in real time and to transform various industries and
   domains.  A significant resource for engineers, academics, and developers
   who are interested in using TinyML to create intelligent systems on 5G
   networks, the chapter offers a thorough overview of TinyML for 5G networks.
   In addition to highlighting TinyML's ability to support a variety of
   applications and use cases within the context of 5G networks, this chapter
   offers helpful advice for creating and deploying TinyML algorithms on
   resource-constrained devices at the network's edge.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.
   All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training,
   and similar technologies.
DE 5g networks; edge intelligence; lpwan; machine learning; security; tinyml

---

UT 676
AR Bebortta S, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P7357, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3445290
TI TinyDeepUAV: A Tiny Deep Reinforcement Learning Framework for UAV Task
   Offloading in Edge-Based Consumer Electronics
AU Bebortta S; Sekhar Tripathy S; Bhatia Khan S; Al Dabel MM; Almusharraf A;
   Kashif Bashir A
TC 17
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB Recently, there has been a rise in the use of Unmanned Areal Vehicles (UAVs)
   in consumer electronics, particularly for the critical situations.  Internet
   of Things (IoT) technology and the accessibility of inexpensive edge
   computing devices present novel prospects for enhanced functionality in
   various domains through the utilization of IoT-based UAVs.  One major
   difficulty of this perspective is the challenges of computation offloading
   between resource-constrained edge devices, and UAVs.  This paper proposes an
   innovative framework to solve the computation offloading problem using a
   multi-objective Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) technique.  The proposed
   approach helps in finding a balance between delays and energy consumption by
   using the concept of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). It develops a low
   complexity frameworks that make it feasible for offloading tasks to edge
   devices.  Catering to the dynamic nature of edge-based UAV networks,
   TinyDeepUAV suggests a vector reinforcement that can change weights
   dynamically based on various user preferences.  It is further conjectured
   that the structure can be enhanced by Double Dueling Deep Q Network (D3QN)
   for optimal improvement of the optimization problem.  The simulation results
   depicts a trade-off between delay and energy consumption, enabling more
   effective offloading decisions while outperforming benchmark approaches.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE deep reinforcement learning; delay minimization; edge intelligence; energy
   efficiency; internet of things; multiobjective optimization; tinyml;
   unmanned aerial vehicles
ID antennas; benchmarking; computation offloading; constrained optimization;
   deep learning; job analysis; multiobjective optimization; nonlinear
   programming; reinforcement learning; religious buildings; shape
   optimization; solar buildings; structural optimization; unmanned aerial
   vehicles ( uav ); aerial vehicle; delay; delay minimization; edge
   intelligence; energy; energy-consumption; machine learning; multi-objectives
   optimization; optimizations; reinforcement learnings; task analysis; tiny
   machine learning; unmanned aerial vehicle; deep reinforcement learning

---

UT 699
AR Krishna A, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P24831, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3386832
TI RAMAN: A Reconfigurable and Sparse tinyML Accelerator for Inference on Edge
AU Krishna A; Nudurupati SR; Chandana DG; Dwivedi P; van Schaik A; Mehendale M;
   Thakur CS/1
TC 17
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB —Deep neural network (DNN)-based inference at the edge is challenging as
   these compute, and data-intensive algorithms need to be implemented at low
   cost and low power while meeting the latency constraints of the target
   applications.  Sparsity, in both activations and weights inherent to DNNs,
   is a key knob to leverage.  In this article, we present RAMAN, a Re-
   configurable and spArse tinyML Accelerator for infereNce on edge,
   architected to exploit the sparsity to reduce area (storage), power, as well
   as latency.  RAMAN can be configured to support a wide range of DNN
   topologies—consisting of different convolution layer types and a range of
   layer parameters (feature-map size and the number of channels). RAMAN can
   also be configured to support accuracy versus power/latency tradeoffs using
   techniques deployed at compile-time and run-time.  We present the salient
   features of the architecture, provide implementation results, and compare
   the same with the state of the art.  RAMAN employs novel dataflow inspired
   by Gustavson’s algorithm that has optimal input activation (IA) and output
   activation (OA) reuse to minimize memory access and the overall data
   movement cost.  The dataflow allows RAMAN to locally reduce the partial sum
   (Psum) within a processing element array to eliminate the Psum writeback
   traffic.  Additionally, we suggest a method to reduce peak activation memory
   by overlapping IA and OA on the same memory space, which can reduce storage
   requirements by up to 50%. RAMAN was implemented on a low-power and
   resource-constrained Efinix Ti60 FPGA with 37.2K LUTs and 8.6K register
   utilization.  RAMAN processes all layers of the MobileNetV1 model at 98.47
   GOp/s/W and the DS-CNN model at 79.68 GOp/s/W by leveraging both weight and
   activation sparsity.  © 2024 IEEE. Personal use is permitted, but
   republication/redistribution requires IEEE permission.
DE convolutional neural networks ( cnns ); deep learning; hardware
   acceleration; sparse processing
ID acceleration; convolution; costs; deep neural networks; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga ); inference engines; low power electronics; memory
   architecture; system-on-chip; convolutional neural network; deep learning;
   field programmable gate array; field programmables; hardware; hardware
   acceleration; programmable gate array; random access memory; sparse
   processing; systems-on-chip; chemical activation

---

UT 960
AR Muthumala U, 2024, IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT, P444, DOI
   10.1109/WF-IoT62078.2024.10811219
TI Comparison of Tiny Machine Learning Techniques for Embedded Acoustic
   Emission Analysis
AU Muthumala U; Zhang Y/4; Martinez-Rau LS; Bader S
TC 17
SO IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT
PY 2024
AB This paper compares machine learning approaches with different input data
   formats for the classification of acoustic emission (AE) signals.  AE
   signals are a promising monitoring technique in many structural health
   monitoring applications.  Machine learning has been demonstrated as an
   effective data analysis method, classifying different AE signals according
   to the damage mechanism they represent.  These classifications can be
   performed based on the entire AE waveform or specific features that have
   been extracted from it.  However, it is currently unknown which of these
   approaches is preferred.  With the goal of model deployment on resource-
   constrained embedded Internet of Things (IoT) systems, this work evaluates
   and compares both approaches in terms of classification accuracy, memory
   requirement, processing time, and energy consumption.  To accomplish this,
   features are extracted and carefully selected, neural network models are
   designed and optimized for each input data scenario, and the models are
   deployed on a low-power IoT node.  The comparative analysis reveals that all
   models can achieve high classification accuracies of over 99%, but that
   embedded feature extraction is computationally expensive.  Consequently,
   models utilizing the raw AE signal as input have the fastest processing
   speed and thus the lowest energy consumption, which comes at the cost of a
   larger memory requirement.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE acoustic emission; feature extraction; machine learning; structural health
   monitoring; tinyml
ID acoustic emission testing; structural health monitoring; acoustic emission
   signal; acoustic-emissions; classification accuracy; features extraction;
   health monitoring; machine learning techniques; machine learning; memory
   requirements; structural health; tinyml; acoustic-emissions

---

UT 596
AR Arthi R, 2024, INT J COMPUT INTELL SYST, V17, DOI 10.1007/s44196-024-00631-4
TI Optimized Tiny Machine Learning and Explainable AI for Trustable and Energy-
   Efficient Fog-Enabled Healthcare Decision Support System
AU Arthi R; Krishnaveni S
TC 16
SO INT J COMPUT INTELL SYST
PY 2024
AB The Internet of things (IoT)-based healthcare decision support system plays
   a crucial role in modern medicine, especially with the rise in chronic
   illnesses and an aging population necessitating continuous remote health
   monitoring.  Current healthcare decision support systems struggle to deliver
   timely and accurate decisions with minimal latency due to limited real-time
   healthcare data and inefficient computational resources.  There is a
   critical need for an optimized, energy-efficient machine learning model that
   reliably supports remote health monitoring within IoT and fog computing
   environments.  Our study proposes an Optimized Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) and Explainable AI (XAI) binary classification model for a
   trustable and energy-efficient healthcare decision support system,
   leveraging fog computing to optimize performance.  The fog-based approach
   improves response times and enhances bandwidth usage, addressing critical
   needs such as reduced latency, higher bandwidth utilization, and decreased
   packet loss.  To further improve efficiency, we incorporate the innovative
   mLZW data compression technique, significantly enhancing data communication
   efficiency and reducing response time to critical health alerts.  However,
   limited real-time healthcare data records challenge machine learning
   classification performance.  By implementing a TinyML algorithm, our system
   demonstrates superior performance to other machine learning models.  The
   proposed optimized TinyML model achieves an impressive F1 score of 0.93 for
   health abnormalities detection, emphasizing its robustness and
   effectiveness.  This paper highlights the potential of TinyML and XAI in
   delivering robust, trustworthy, and energy-aware healthcare solutions,
   making significant contributions toward effective remote health monitoring
   and decision support in fog-enabled IoT networks.  Graphical abstract:
   (Figure presented.) © The Author(s) 2024.
DE explainable artificial intelligence; fog computing; healthcare; internet of
   things; tinyml
ID bandwidth compression; contrastive learning; electronic health record;
   network security; remote patient monitoring; trusted computing; decision
   supports; energy efficient; explainable artificial intelligence; healthcare
   decisions; healthcare; machine learning models; machine learning; remote
   health monitoring; support systems; tiny machine learning; fog computing

---

UT 601
AR Bhamare M, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P331, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00019-1
TI TinyML applications and use cases for healthcare
AU Bhamare M; Kulkarni PV; Rane R; Bobde S; Patankar R
TC 16
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB Machine learning has revolutionized medical technology through tiny machine
   learning (TinyML). With TinyML, machine learning models can be deployed on
   devices with minimal resources.  Some examples are microcontrollers,
   wearables, and Internet of Things devices.  TinyML creates unparalleled
   prospects for personalized, real-time healthcare applications by utilizing
   the power of edge computing and AI. This chapter aims to examine TinyML's
   potential to revolutionize medical monitoring and diagnosis by exploring its
   potential use in healthcare.  We emphasized TinyML's tremendous influence on
   healthcare through many critical sectors, such as wearable devices, remote
   patient monitoring, drug development, diagnosis, and therapy.  This chapter
   considers the challenges and opportunities associated with implementing
   TinyML in healthcare.  The study continues with a look at the future of
   TinyML in healthcare.  The work focuses on several TinyML use cases in the
   healthcare sector, emphasizing the necessity of researchers, practitioners,
   and policymakers working together to develop effective security solutions.
   In addition to highlighting the problems and issues in the field of TinyML
   in healthcare, the proposed study will also contribute significantly to
   future research and development.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights
   reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar
   technologies.
DE advantages; challenges; ethics; healthcare; tinyml

---

UT 682
AR Jhaveri RH, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P7318, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3482353
TI TinyML for Empowering Low-Power IoT Edge Consumer Devices
AU Jhaveri RH; Chi HR; Wu H
TC 16
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB Pervasive Artificial Intelligence (AI) has been promoted to be applicable to
   multiple services and markets, based on the recent surge in AI and machine
   learning (ML) techniques.  Together with the fact that the market size of
   edge computing has been boosted to 16 billion USD last year (and a forecast
   to reach more than 200 billion USD by 2030), TinyML will be one of the main
   forces to embrace the new era of pervasive AI, by embedding the main
   operations (e.g., training, modeling, and others) in edge computing, relying
   on its relatively short physical distance to the users/end devices.
   Therefore, TinyML has promised to support ultra-low latency, enhanced
   security/privacy, highly demanded scalability, and potentially
   sustainability by reducing the frequency accessing centralized cloud
   computing.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID artificial intelligence learning; consumer devices; edge computing;
   embeddings; low power; machine learning techniques; market sizes; multiple
   markets; multiple services; training model

---

UT 693
AR Giazitzis S, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI
   10.3390/electronics13101964
TI A Case Study of a Tiny Machine Learning Application for Battery State-of-
   Charge Estimation
AU Giazitzis S; Sakwa M; Leva S; Ogliari E; Badha S; Rosetti F
TC 16
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB Growing battery use in energy storage and automotive industries demands
   advanced Battery Management Systems (BMSs) to estimate key parameters like
   the State of Charge (SoC) which are not directly measurable using standard
   sensors.  Consequently, various model-based and data-driven approaches have
   been developed for their estimation.  Among these, the latter are often
   favored due to their high accuracy, low energy consumption, and ease of
   implementation on the cloud or Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  This
   research focuses on creating small, efficient data-driven SoC estimation
   models for integration into IoT devices, specifically the Infineon Cypress
   CY8CPROTO-062S3-4343W. The development process involved training a compact
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and an Artificial Neural Network (ANN)
   offline using a comprehensive dataset obtained from five different
   batteries.  Before deployment on the target device, model quantization was
   performed using Infineon’s ModusToolBox Machine Learning (MTB-ML)
   configurator 2.0 software.  The tests show satisfactory results for both
   chosen models with a good accuracy achieved, especially in the early stages
   of the battery lifecycle.  In terms of the computational burden, the ANN has
   a clear advantage over the more complex CNN model.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE battery; deep learning; iot; state of charge; tinyml

---

UT 710
AR Ren C, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P30864, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3416253
TI Multimodal Virtual Semantic Communication for Tiny-Machine-Learning-Based
   UAV Task Execution
AU Ren C; He Z; Long Y; Zhao C; Sun L; Xu K/1
TC 16
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB In the 6G integrated air-ground network, the process of accomplishing
   complex tasks through the integrated multimodal communication faces
   challenges induced by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), such as limited
   communication, storage and computing capabilities, and the existence of
   heterogeneous UAV multimodal information and carriers.  Inspired by the
   process of semantic communication, we view successful execution of advanced
   UAV tasks as semantic recognition and pragmatic execution.  Tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) provides the UAV advanced algorithms and models that can
   be run on the low-power and resource-constrained platforms.  In this
   article, from the perspective of semantic communication and leveraging the
   applicability of TinyML for UAVs, we map the heterogeneous multimodal
   communication and UAV task execution processes aiming to better utilize the
   capabilities of machine learning and semantic communication to enhance the
   pragmatic task execution of UAVs.  Multimodal virtual semantic communication
   can provide task-related auxiliary information, enabling the complementary
   integration of multiple independent modalities in the task domain.  The
   proposed scheme and model achieve a deep integration of communication,
   sensation, and computation ultimately enhancing the practical task execution
   capability of UAVs.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE multi-modal communication; semantic communication; tiny machine learning (
   tinyml ); wireless unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) communication
ID antennas; artificial intelligence; job analysis; learning systems; unmanned
   aerial vehicles ( uav ); wireless sensor networks; aerial vehicle;
   computational modeling; machine learning; multi-modal communications;
   semantic communication; task analysis; tiny machine learning; vehicle
   communications; wireless communications; wireless unmanned aerial vehicle
   communication; semantics

---

UT 803
AR Pavan M, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3604566
TI TyBox: An Automatic Design and Code Generation Toolbox for TinyML
   Incremental On-Device Learning
AU Pavan M; Ostrovan E; Caltabiano A; Roveri M
TC 16
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Incremental on-device learning is one of the most relevant and interesting
   challenges in the field of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). Indeed,
   differently from traditional TinyML solutions where the training is
   typically carried out on the Cloud and inference only occurs on the tiny
   devices (e.g., embedded systems or Internet-of-Things units), incremental
   on-device TinyML allows both the inference and the training of TinyML models
   directly on tiny devices.  This ability paves the way for TinyML-enabled
   intelligent devices that can learn directly on the field and adapt to
   evolving environments, different working conditions, or specific users.  The
   literature in this field is quite limited with very few solutions focusing
   only on the incremental fine-tuning of machine learning models, whereas a
   general solution encompassing algorithms and code generation for incremental
   on-device TinyML is still perceived as missing.  The aim of this article is
   to introduce, to the best of our knowledge for the first time in the
   literature, a toolbox called TyBox for the automatic design and code
   generation of incremental on-device TinyML classification models.  In more
   detail, starting from a “static” TinyML model, TyBox is able to (i)
   automatically design the “incremental” on-device version of the TinyML model
   that has been suitably designed to take into account the technological
   constraint on the RAM memory of the target tiny device, and (ii)
   autonomously provide the C++ codes and libraries to support the inference
   and learning of the incremental on-device TinyML model directly on the tiny
   devices.  TyBox has been extensively compared with a state-of-the-art
   incremental learning solution for TinyML and tested on an off-the-shelf tiny
   device (i.e., the Arduino Nano 33 BLE) in three relevant TinyML application
   tasks and scenarios: binary image classification, multi-class image
   classification, and ultra-wide-band human activity recognition.  In
   addition, TyBox is released to the scientific community as a public
   repository.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE incremental learning; interpreters and code generation for tiny systems;
   mapping; tiny machine learning; tinyml software generation
ID binary images; c++ ( programming language ); codes ( symbols ); embedded
   systems; image classification; object oriented programming; random access
   storage; automatic design; codegeneration; incremental learning; interpreter
   and code generation for tiny system; machine learning models; machine
   learning software; machine learning; software generation; tiny machine
   learning; tiny machine learning software generation; machine learning

---

UT 824
AR Scherer M, 2024, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V43,
   P4009, DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3443718
TI Deeploy: Enabling Energy-Efficient Deployment of Small Language Models on
   Heterogeneous Microcontrollers
AU Scherer M; Macan L; Jung VJB/1; Wiese P; Bompani L; Burrello A; Conti F;
   Benini L
TC 16
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB With the rise of embodied foundation models (EFMs), most notably small
   language models (SLMs), adapting Transformers for the edge applications has
   become a very active field of research.  However, achieving the end-to-end
   deployment of SLMs on the microcontroller (MCU)-class chips without high-
   bandwidth off-chip main memory access is still an open challenge.  In this
   article, we demonstrate high efficiency end-to-end SLM deployment on a
   multicore RISC-V (RV32) MCU augmented with ML instruction extensions and a
   hardware neural processing unit (NPU). To automate the exploration of the
   constrained, multidimensional memory versus computation tradeoffs involved
   in the aggressive SLM deployment on the heterogeneous (multicore+NPU)
   resources, we introduce Deeploy, a novel deep neural network (DNN) compiler,
   which generates highly optimized C code requiring minimal runtime support.
   We demonstrate that Deeploy generates the end-to-end code for executing
   SLMs, fully exploiting the RV32 cores' instruction extensions and the NPU.
   We achieve leading-edge energy and throughput of 490 μ J per token, at 340
   token per second for an SLM trained on the TinyStories dataset, running for
   the first time on an MCU-class device without the external memory.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE accelerators; compilers; embodied ai; foundation models ( fms ); neural
   networks; tinyml
ID c++ ( programming language ); deep neural networks; frequency modulation;
   multi-core programming; problem oriented languages; program compilers;
   compiler; embodied ai; end to end; foundation model; foundation models;
   language model; neural networks; neural-processing; processing units;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 854
AR Wu Y, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P25471, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3349462
TI Self-Attention-Assisted TinyML With Effective Representation for UWB NLOS
   Identification
AU Wu Y; He X; Mo L; Wang Q
TC 16
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Ultra-wideband (UWB) non-line-of-sight (NLOS) identification is a crucial
   task in wireless localization systems.  Various deep learning (DL) solutions
   have demonstrated promising outcomes in ultra-wideband (UWB) NLOS
   identification by utilizing channel impulse response (CIR) and channel
   characteristics.  However, effective and robust UWB NLOS identification on
   resource-constrained edge devices remains a challenge.  Hence, this article
   presents a self-attention-assisted tiny machine learning (TinyML) solution
   that offers an effective representation for UWB NLOS identification.  To
   overcome computational limitations, a feature selection method is devised
   for the proposed data-driven DL-based approach.  By leveraging feature
   selection, the self-attention mechanism enhances the representation
   capability of a pretrained model for UWB NLOS identification.  The proposed
   method is evaluated on both personal computer (PC) and edge platforms and
   compared against multiple baselines.  The evaluation demonstrates its
   effective representation and optimal performance on both PC and edge
   platforms, as indicated by various metrics.  Thanks to the effective
   representation, the proposed method also enables the quantized model to
   achieve state-of-the-art (SOTA) in UWB NLOS identification, while
   significantly accelerating inference efficiency at the edge.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE channel impulse response ( cir ); non-line-ofsight ( nlos ) identification;
   self-attention; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); ultra-wideband ( uwb )
ID deep learning; impulse response; internet of things; job analysis; object
   recognition; quantization ( signal ); ultra-wideband ( uwb ); channel
   impulse response; features extraction; machine learning; non-line-of-sight
   identification; nonline of sight; objects recognition; quantization ( signal
   ); self-attention; task analysis; tiny machine learning; ultrawide;
   ultrawide band; wideband; wireless communications; feature extraction

---

UT 952
AR Dharani A, 2024, SN COMPUT SCI, V5, DOI 10.1007/s42979-023-02304-z
TI Object Detection at Edge Using TinyML Models
AU Dharani A; Kumar SA; Patil PN
TC 16
SO SN COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB With the penetration of IoT across sectors, image classification becomes a
   critical issue if the computations have to be done at the edge.  The
   evolution of low-cost devices with powerful processing for any vision-based
   systems leads to the next requirement of machine learning for imaging with
   reduced latency and reliability along with data security.  Running the
   energy hungry computer vision techniques which need frequent memory access
   may not be the solution.  This paper deliberates the works carried out which
   can be deployed at the end devices, such as mobiles, microcontrollers for
   image computing at edge.  The approach used is by leveraging the TinyML
   optimized features for low latency and energy efficiency.  This paper deals
   with sample data worked for classification on ML methods, namely, FOMO and
   MobilenNetSSD which are converted from the Tensorflow to lite version, using
   the edge Impulse platform.  The results discussed are taken from the
   deployed TinyML model on mobile phone.  The outcomes along with the accuracy
   are also discussed.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive licence to
   Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE machine learning; object detection; tinyml

---

UT 993
AR Burrello A, 2024, IEEE TRANS EMERG COMPUT, V12, P780, DOI
   10.1109/TETC.2023.3322033
TI Enhancing Neural Architecture Search With Multiple Hardware Constraints for
   Deep Learning Model Deployment on Tiny IoT Devices
AU Burrello A; Risso M; Motetti BA; Macii E; Benini L; Jahier Pagliari D
TC 16
SO IEEE TRANS EMERG COMPUT
PY 2024
AB The rapid proliferation of computing domains relying on Internet of Things
   (IoT) devices has created a pressing need for efficient and accurate deep-
   learning (DL) models that can run on low-power devices.  However,
   traditional DL models tend to be too complex and computationally intensive
   for typical IoT end-nodes.  To address this challenge, Neural Architecture
   Search (NAS) has emerged as a popular design automation technique for co-
   optimizing the accuracy and complexity of deep neural networks.
   Nevertheless, existing NAS techniques require many iterations to produce a
   network that adheres to specific hardware constraints, such as the maximum
   memory available on the hardware or the maximum latency allowed by the
   target application.  In this work, we propose a novel approach to
   incorporate multiple constraints into so-called Differentiable NAS
   optimization methods, which allows the generation, in a single shot, of a
   model that respects user-defined constraints on both memory and latency in a
   time comparable to a single standard training.  The proposed approach is
   evaluated on five IoT-relevant benchmarks, including the MLPerf Tiny suite
   and Tiny ImageNet, demonstrating that, with a single search, it is possible
   to reduce memory and latency by 87.4% and 54.2%, respectively (as defined by
   our targets), while ensuring non-inferior accuracy on state-of-the-art hand-
   tuned deep neural networks for TinyML. © 2013 IEEE.
DE computing architectures; deep learning; energy efficiency; hardware -aware
   nas; iot; neural architecture search; tinyml
ID complex networks; computer aided design; computing power; costs; deep neural
   networks; internet of things; job analysis; low power electronics; memory
   architecture; network architecture; computing architecture; deep learning;
   hardware; hardware-aware neural architecture search; neural architecture
   search; neural architectures; search problem; task analysis; tinyml; energy
   efficiency

---

UT 871
AR Martinez-Rau LS, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636584
TI TinyML Anomaly Detection for Industrial Machines with Periodic Duty Cycles
AU Martinez-Rau LS; Zhang Y/4; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 15
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Electro-mechanical systems operating in periodic cycles are pivotal in the
   Industry 4.0, enabling automated processes that enhance efficiency and
   productivity.  Early detection of failures and anomalies in duty cycles of
   these machines is crucial to ensure uninterrupted operation and prevent
   costly downtimes.  Although the wear and damage of machines have been
   extensively studied, a significant proportion of these problems can be
   traced back to operator errors, underlining the importance of continuously
   monitoring the machine activity to ensure optimal performance.  This work
   presents an automatic algorithm designed to identify improper duty cycles of
   industrial machines, exemplified on a mining conveyor belt.  To enable the
   identification of duty cycles, the operational states of the machine are
   first categorized using machine learning (ML). The study compares six tiny
   ML techniques on two resource-constrained microcontrollers, reporting an
   f1-score of 87.6% for identifying normal and abnormal duty cycles and 96.8%
   for the internal states of the conveyor belt system.  Deployed on both low-
   power microcontrollers, the algorithm processes input data in less than 106
   μs, consuming less than 1.16 μJ. These findings promise to facilitate
   integration into more comprehensive preventive maintenance algorithms.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; conveyor belt; industry 40; low power microcontroller;
   machine learning; maintenance; tinyml
ID belts; preventive maintenance; anomaly detection; automated process;
   conveyor belts; duty-cycle; electromechanical systems; industrial machines;
   low power microcontrollers; machine learning; periodic cycles; tinyml; belt
   conveyors

---

UT 526
AR Garavagno AM, 2024, FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST, V152, P152, DOI
   10.1016/j.future.2023.11.003
TI ColabNAS: Obtaining lightweight task-specific convolutional neural networks
   following Occam's razor
AU Garavagno AM; Leonardis D; Frisoli A
TC 14
SO FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB The current trend of applying transfer learning from convolutional neural
   networks (CNNs) trained on large datasets can be an overkill when the target
   application is a custom and delimited problem, with enough data to train a
   network from scratch.  On the other hand, the training of custom and lighter
   CNNs requires expertise, in the from-scratch case, and or high-end
   resources, as in the case of hardware-aware neural architecture search (HW
   NAS), limiting access to the technology by non-habitual NN developers.  For
   this reason, we present ColabNAS, an affordable HW NAS technique for
   producing lightweight task-specific CNNs.  Its novel derivative-free search
   strategy, inspired by Occam's razor, allows to obtain state-of-the-art
   results on the Visual Wake Word dataset, a standard TinyML benchmark, in
   just 3.1 GPU hours using free online GPU services such as Google
   Colaboratory and Kaggle Kernel.  © 2023 The Authors
DE hardware-aware neural architecture search; lightweight convolutional neural
   networks; tinyml; visual wake words
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; large dataset; network
   architecture; current; convolutional neural network; hardware-aware neural
   architecture search; lightweight convolutional neural network; lightweight
   tasks; neural architectures; occam razor; tinyml; transfer learning; visual
   wake word; wakes

---

UT 701
AR Jia B, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21103, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3361857
TI Coverage Path Planning for IoUAVs with Tiny Machine Learning in Complex
   Areas Based on Convex Decomposition
AU Jia B; Gao Z/1; Jing J; Huang B; Liu S/2; Muhammad K; Rodrigues JJPC
TC 14
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB For unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) with tiny machine learning (TML), there
   is mutual exclusivity between the energy consumption for flight and the
   energy consumption to support their computation and processing.  Internet of
   Unmanned Aerial Vehicles integrated with TML systems often consume
   substantial amounts of energy during flights, particularly when engaged in
   extended coverage and surveillance missions.  The energy consumption of a
   UAV with TML performing long, wide-area coverage patrols and monitoring
   missions in complex areas is significant for the flight itself, and the
   energy required for the TML to perform calculations and processing is not
   guaranteed.  Therefore, to better support TML computations, this study
   optimizes flight paths to reduce the energy consumption of UAVs while
   ensuring coverage.  Specifically, in this study, the use of concave point
   elimination-based convex decomposition algorithm, and determination of
   flight direction significantly reduced the frequency of UAV turns.  The
   computational cost of obtaining a complete path is reduced by merging the
   subconvex regions and the weighted minimum traversal of the graph.  This
   novel back-and-forth path-coverage path-planning (BFP-CPP) algorithm
   maximizes the reduction in the number of turns, reduces energy consumption,
   and achieves global coverage.  The simulation experimental results show that
   compared with the existing methods without concave point elimination, the
   BFP-CPP algorithm can effectively reduce the number of subregions, minimize
   the number of UAV turns, and lower energy consumption.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE convex decomposition; internet of unmanned aerial vehicles ( iouavs );
   minimum width sum; path planning; tiny machine learning ( tml ); unmanned
   aerial vehicle ( uav )
ID antennas; drones; internet of things; job analysis; machine learning; motion
   planning; network security; aerial vehicle; convex decomposition; energy-
   consumption; internet of unmanned aerial vehicle; machine learning; minimum
   width sum; task analysis; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial vehicle;
   energy utilization

---

UT 747
AR Gibbs M, 2024, IEEE MICRO, V44, P67, DOI 10.1109/MM.2023.3329218
TI Combining Multiple Tiny Machine Learning Models for Multimodal Context-Aware
   Stress Recognition on Constrained Microcontrollers
AU Gibbs M; Woodward K; Kanjo E
TC 14
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2024
AB As stress continues to be a major health concern, there is growing interest
   in developing effective stress management systems that can detect and
   mitigate stress.  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have shown their effectiveness
   in accurately classifying stress, but most of the existing solutions rely on
   the cloud or large, obtrusive devices for inference.  The emergence of tiny
   machine learning provides an opportunity to bridge this gap and enable
   ubiquitous intelligent systems.  In this article, we propose a context-aware
   stress detection approach that uses a microcontroller to continuously infer
   physical activity to mitigate motion artifacts when inferring stress from
   heart rate and electrodermal activity.  We deploy two DNNs onto a single
   resource-constrained microcontroller for real-world stress recognition, with
   the resultant stress and activity recognition models achieving 88% and 98%
   accuracy, respectively.  Our proposed context-aware approach improves the
   accuracy and privacy of stress detection systems while eliminating the need
   to store or transmit sensitive health data.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID controllers; deep neural networks; intelligent systems; pattern recognition;
   stresses; computational modeling; context models; context-aware; effective
   stress; health concerns; human activity recognition; multi-modal; stress
   detection; stress management; stress recognition; microcontrollers

---

UT 776
AR Mnif M, 2024, INTERNET THING, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2024.101403
TI Combinative model compression approach for enhancing 1D CNN efficiency for
   EIT-based Hand Gesture Recognition on IoT edge devices
AU Mnif M; Sahnoun S; Ben Saad Y; Fakhfakh A; Kanoun O
TC 14
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2024
AB Tiny Machine Learning is rapidly evolving in edge computing and intelligent
   Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  This paper investigates model compression
   techniques with the aim of determining their compatibility when combined,
   and identifying an effective approach to improve inference speed and energy
   efficiency within IoT edge devices.  The study is carried out on the
   application scenario of Hand Gesture Recognition (HGR) based on Electrical
   Impedance Tomography (EIT), which involves complex signal processing and
   needs real-time processing and energy efficiency.  Therefore, a customized
   1-Dimensional Convolutional Neural Network (1D CNN) HGR classification model
   has been designed.  An approach based on strategically combining model
   compression techniques was then implemented resulting in a model customized
   for faster inference and improved energy efficiency for IoT embedded
   devices.  The model size became compact at 10.42 kB, resulting in a
   substantial size reduction of 98.8%, and an inference gain of 94.73% on a
   personal computer with approximately 8.56% decrease in accuracy.  The
   approach of combinative model compression techniques was applied to a wide
   range of edge-computing IoT devices with limited processing power, resulting
   in a significant improvement in model execution speed and energy efficiency
   for these devices.  Specifically, there was an average power consumption
   gain of 52% for Arduino Nano BLE and 34.05% for Raspberry Pi 4. Inference
   time was halved for Arduino Nano BLE Sense, Nicla Sense, and Raspberry Pi 4,
   with a remarkable gain of 94% for ESP32. © 2024
DE 1d-cnn; edge computing; eit; energy efficiency; hand gesture recognition;
   inference time; iot devices; lightweight models; model compression
   techniques; tinyml

---

UT 813
AR Dockendorf C, 2024, IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL, V684 AICT, P371, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-45882-8_25
TI Lite-Agro: Exploring Light-Duty Computing Platforms for IoAT-Edge AI in
   Plant Disease Identification
AU Dockendorf C; Mitra A; Mohanty SP; Kougianos E
TC 14
SO IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB The Lite-Agro study aims to deploy deep learning neural network models for
   pear disease identification through tree leaf image analysis on TinyML
   device.  A case study on pear leaves is conducted with publicly available
   pear disease dataset.  Quantitative comparisons are made between different
   datasets.  Lite-Agro is a light-duty image computing detection solution that
   is tested for deployment on a microcontroller.  The novelty of Lite-Agro,
   lies in the export of a lightweight TinyML, Tensorflow Lite model that is
   geared for low power applications on battery powered hardware.  The goal is
   to find the best model that is custom selected for the application and
   achieves the highest accuracy.  The study emphasizes finding a balance
   between size, accuracy and performance.  In future iterations of the study,
   Lite-Agro is to be mounted on an unmanned aerial vehicle to be powered with
   solar panels.  Modern low powered microcontroller devices are to be a staple
   implementation in Smart Villages.  © 2024, IFIP International Federation for
   Information Processing.
DE agriculture cyber-physical system ( a-cps ); edge ai; internet of agro
   things ( ioat ); plant disease; plant health; smart agriculture; smart
   village; tinyml
ID antennas; deep learning; embedded systems; fruits; plants ( botany ); rural
   areas; agriculture cybe-physical system; cybe-physical systems; cyber-
   physical systems; edge ai; internet of agro thing; plant disease; plant
   healths; smart agricultures; smart village; tinyml; cyber-physical system

---

UT 860
AR Rashid H-A, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3595633
TI TinyM2Net-V2: A Compact Low-power Software Hardware Architecture for
   Multimodal Deep Neural Networks
AU Rashid H-A; Kallakuri U; Mohsenin T
TC 14
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB With the evaluation of Artificial Intelligence (AI), there has been a
   resurgence of interest in how to use AI algorithms on low-power embedded
   systems to broaden potential use cases of the Internet of Things (IoT). To
   mimic multimodal human perception, multimodal deep neural networks (M-DNN)
   have recently become very popular with the classification task due to their
   impressive performance for computer vision and audio processing tasks.  This
   article presents TinyM2Net-V2—a compact low-power software hardware
   architecture for multimodal deep neural networks for resource-constrained
   tiny devices.  To compress the models to implement on tiny devices, cyclicly
   sparsification and hybrid quantization (4-bits weights and 8-bits
   activations) methods are used.  Although model compression techniques are an
   active research area, we are the first to demonstrate their efficacy for
   multimodal deep neural networks, using cyclicly sparsification and hybrid
   quantization of weights/activations.  TinyM2Net-V2 shows that even a tiny
   multimodal deep neural network model can improve the classification accuracy
   more than that of any unimodal counterparts.  Parameterized M-DNN model
   architecture was designed to be evaluated in two different case-studies:
   vehicle detection from multimodal images and audios and COVID-19 detection
   from multimodal audio recordings.  The most compressed TinyM2Net-V2 achieves
   92.5% COVID-19 detection accuracy (6.8% improvement from the unimodal full
   precision model) and 90.6% vehicle classification accuracy (7.7% improvement
   from the unimodal full precision model). A parameterized and flexible FPGA
   hardware accelerator was designed as well for TinyM2Net-V2 models.  To the
   best of our knowledge, this is the first work accelerating multimodal deep
   neural network models on low-power Artix-7 FPGA hardware.  We achieved
   energy efficiency of 9.04 GOP/s/W and 15.38 GOP/s/W for case-study 1 and
   case-study 2, respectively, which is comparable to the state-of-the-art
   results.  Finally, we compared our tiny FPGA hardware implementation results
   with off-the-shelf resource-constrained devices and showed our
   implementation is faster and consumed less power compared to the off-the-
   shelf resource-constrained devices.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE fpga; model compression; multi-modal deep neural networks; tinyml
ID computer hardware; embedded systems; energy efficiency; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga ); internet of things; low power electronics; network
   architecture; neural network models; case-studies; low power; model
   compression; multi-modal; multi-modal deep neural network; neural network
   model; power softwares; software/hardware; tinyml; unimodal; deep neural
   networks

---

UT 918
AR Njor E, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P184861, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3512860
TI A Holistic Review of the TinyML Stack for Predictive Maintenance
AU Njor E; Hasanpour MA; Madsen J; Fafoutis X
TC 14
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Downtime caused by failing equipment can be extremely costly for
   organizations.  Predictive Maintenance (PdM), which uses data to predict
   when maintenance should be conducted, is an essential tool for increasing
   safety, maximizing uptime and minimizing costs.  Contempoary PdM systems
   primarily have sensors collect information about the equipment under
   observation.  This information is afterwards transmitted off the device for
   processing at a high-performance computer system.  While this can allow
   high-quality predictions, it also imposes barriers that keep some
   organisations from adopting PdM. For example, some applications prevent data
   transmission off sensor devices due to regulatory or infrastructure
   limitations.  Being able to process the collected information right at the
   sensor device is, therefore, desirable in many sectors - something that
   recent progress in the field of TinyML promises to deliver.  This paper
   investigates the intersection between PdM and TinyML and explores how TinyML
   can enable many new PdM applications.  We consider a holistic view of
   TinyML-based PdM, focusing on the full stack of Machine Learning (ML)
   models, hardware, toolchains, data and PdM applications.  Our main findings
   are that each part of the TinyML stack has received varying degrees of
   attention.  In particular, ML models and their optimisations have seen a lot
   of attention, while data optimisations and TinyML datasets lack
   contributions.  Furthermore, most TinyML research focuses on image and audio
   classification, with little attention paid to other application areas such
   as PdM. Based on our observations, we suggest promising avenues of future
   research to scale and improve the application of TinyML to PdM.  © 2013
   IEEE.
DE embedded ai; embedded machine learning; optimization; predictive
   maintenance; resource-constrained systems; tinyml
ID digital storage; pulse width modulation; constrained systems; embedded ai;
   embedded machine learning; embedded machines; machine learning;
   optimizations; predictive maintenance; resource-constrained system; sensor
   device; tinyml; predictive maintenance

---

UT 996
AR Pau DP, 2024, APPL SCI, V14, DOI 10.3390/app14146240
TI Tiny Machine Learning Battery State-of-Charge Estimation Hardware
   Accelerated
AU Pau DP; Aniballi A
TC 14
SO APPL SCI
PY 2024
AB Electric mobility is pervasive and strongly affects everyone in everyday
   life.  Motorbikes, bikes, cars, humanoid robots, etc., feature specific
   battery architectures composed of several lithium nickel oxide cells.  Some
   of them are connected in series and others in parallel within custom
   architectures.  They need to be controlled against over current,
   temperature, inner pressure and voltage, and their charge/discharge needs to
   be continuously monitored and balanced among the cells.  Such a battery
   management system exhibits embarrassingly parallel computing, as hundreds of
   cells offer the opportunity for scalable and decentralized monitoring and
   control.  In recent years, tiny machine learning has emerged as a data-
   driven black-box approach to address application problems at the edge by
   using very limited energy, computational and storage resources to achieve
   under mW power consumption.  Examples of tiny devices at the edge include
   microcontrollers capable of 10–100 s MHz with 100 s KiB to few MB embedded
   memory.  This study addressed battery management systems with a particular
   focus on state-of-charge prediction.  Several machine learning workloads
   were studied by using IEEE open-source datasets to profile their accuracy.
   Moreover, their deployability on a range of microcontrollers was studied,
   and their memory footprints were reported in a very detailed manner.
   Finally, computational requirements were proposed with respect to the
   parallel nature of the battery system architecture, suggesting a per cell
   and per module tiny, decentralized artificial intelligence system
   architecture.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE automated deployability; battery management system; lithium cells;
   microcontrollers; parallel computing; state of charge; tiny machine learning
ID anthropomorphic robots; battery management systems; charging ( batteries );
   controllers; digital storage; learning systems; lithium batteries; lithium
   compounds; memory architecture; microcontrollers; nickel oxide; open
   systems; automated deployability; battery state of charge; deployability;
   lithium cells; machine learning; parallel com- puting; state of charge
   estimation; states of charges; systems architecture; tiny machine learning;
   machine learning

---

UT 518
AR Bao B, 2024, ADV SCI, V11, DOI 10.1002/advs.202306025
TI Intelligence Sparse Sensor Network for Automatic Early Evaluation of General
   Movements in Infants
AU Bao B; Zhang S/1; Li H; Cui W; Guo K; Zhang Y/1; Yang K; Liu S/2; Tong Y;
   Zhu J; Lin Y/1; Xu H; Yang H; Cheng X; Cheng H
TC 13
SO ADV SCI
PY 2024
AB General movements (GMs) have been widely used for the early clinical
   evaluation of infant brain development, allowing immediate evaluation of
   potential development disorders and timely rehabilitation.  The infants’
   general movements can be captured digitally, but the lack of quantitative
   assessment and well-trained clinical pediatricians presents an obstacle for
   many years to achieve wider deployment, especially in low-resource settings.
   There is a high potential to explore wearable sensors for movement analysis
   due to outstanding privacy, low cost, and easy-to-use features.  This work
   presents a sparse sensor network with soft wireless IMU devices (SWDs) for
   automatic early evaluation of general movements in infants.  The sparse
   network consisting of only five sensor nodes (SWDs) with robust mechanical
   properties and excellent biocompatibility continuously and stably captures
   full-body motion data.  The proof-of-the-concept clinical testing with 23
   infants showcases outstanding performance in recognizing neonatal
   activities, confirming the reliability of the system.  Taken together with a
   tiny machine learning algorithm, the system can automatically identify risky
   infants based on the GMs, with an accuracy of up to 100% (99.9%). The
   wearable sparse sensor network with an artificial intelligence-based
   algorithm facilitates intelligent evaluation of infant brain development and
   early diagnosis of development disorders.  © 2024 The Authors.  Advanced
   Science published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
DE assessment of general movements; soft wireless imu devices; tiny machine
   learning algorithm for automatic early evaluation; wearable sparse sensor
   network
ID biocompatibility; diagnosis; learning algorithms; machine learning; sensor
   nodes; assessment of general movement; brain development; clinical
   evaluation; development disorders; early evaluation; machine learning
   algorithms; soft wireless imu device; sparse sensor networks; tiny machine
   learning algorithm for automatic early evaluation; wearable sparse sensor
   network; wearable sensors

---

UT 636
AR Ren H, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3665278
TI On-device Online Learning and Semantic Management of TinyML Systems
AU Ren H; Anicic D; Li X/3; Runkler T
TC 13
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Recent advances in Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) empower low-footprint
   embedded devices for real-Time on-device Machine Learning (ML). While many
   acknowledge the potential benefits of TinyML, its practical implementation
   presents unique challenges.  This study aims to bridge the gap between
   prototyping single TinyML models and developing reliable TinyML systems in
   production: (1) Embedded devices operate in dynamically changing conditions.
   Existing TinyML solutions primarily focus on inference, with models trained
   offline on powerful machines and deployed as static objects.  However,
   static models may underperform in the real world due to evolving input data
   distributions.  We propose online learning to enable training on constrained
   devices, adapting local models toward the latest field conditions.  (2)
   Nevertheless, current on-device learning methods struggle with heterogeneous
   deployment conditions and the scarcity of labeled data when applied across
   numerous devices.  We introduce federated meta-learning incorporating online
   learning to enhance model generalization, facilitating rapid learning.  This
   approach ensures optimal performance among distributed devices by knowledge
   sharing.  (3) Moreover, TinyML's pivotal advantage is widespread adoption.
   Embedded devices and TinyML models prioritize extreme efficiency, leading to
   diverse characteristics ranging from memory and sensors to model
   architectures.  Given their diversity and non-standardized representations,
   managing these resources becomes challenging as TinyML systems scale up.  We
   present semantic management for the joint management of models and devices
   at scale.  We demonstrate our methods through a basic regression example and
   then assess them in three real-world TinyML applications: handwritten
   character image classification, keyword audio classification, and smart
   building presence detection.  The results confirm the effectiveness of our
   approaches from various perspectives, such as accuracy improvement, resource
   savings, and engineering effort reduction.  © 2024 held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE edge computing; federated meta-learning; industrial internet of things;
   knowledge graph; online learning; semantic web; tiny machine learning
ID character recognition; e-learning; edge computing; embedded systems;
   learning systems; machine learning; semantic web; edge computing; federated
   meta-learning; industrial internet of thing; knowledge graphs; machine
   learning systems; machine learning; meta-learning; online learning; semantic
   web; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 696
AR Sharma S/1, 2024, EXPERT SYS APPL, V246, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2024.123147
TI A TinyML solution for an IoT-based communication device for hearing impaired
AU Sharma S/1; Gupta R/1; Kumar A/1
TC 13
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2024
AB Research on automatic translation of sign language to verbal languages has
   been progressively explored in recent years to assist speech and hearing-
   impaired people in communicating with non-signers.  In this paper, a tiny
   machine learning (TinyML) solution is proposed for sign language recognition
   using a low-cost, wearable, internet-of things (IoT) device.  A lightweight
   deep neural network is deployed on the edge device to interpret isolated
   signs from the Indian sign language using the time-series data collected
   from the motion sensors of the device.  The scarcity of labeled training
   data is addressed by employing the deep transfer learning approach.  Here,
   the knowledge gained from the data collected using the motion sensors of a
   different device is used to initialize the model parameters.  The
   performance of the model is assessed in terms of classification accuracy and
   prediction time for different sampling rates and transferring schemes.  The
   model achieves an average accuracy of 87.18% when all the parameters are
   retrained with just 4 observations of each sign recorded from the motion
   sensors of the proposed IoT device.  The recognized sign is transmitted to a
   cloud platform in real-time.  A mobile application, SignTalk, is also
   developed, which wirelessly receives the predicted signs from the cloud and
   displays it as text.  Additionally, text-to-speech conversion is also
   provided on SignTalk to vocalize the predicted sign for better
   communication.  © 2024 Elsevier Ltd
DE deep transfer learning; indian sign language; internet of things; tiny
   machine learning; wearable sensors
ID audition; deep neural networks; learning systems; speech communication;
   transfer learning; wearable sensors; automatic translation; communication
   device; deep transfer learning; hearing impaired; indian sign languages;
   machine learning; motion sensors; sign language; tiny machine learning;
   transfer learning; internet of things

---

UT 705
AR El Barkani M, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI
   10.3390/electronics13234768
TI Gas Leakage Detection Using Tiny Machine Learning
AU El Barkani M; Benamar N; Talei H; Bagaa M
TC 13
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB Gas leakage detection is a critical concern in both industrial and
   residential settings, where real-time systems are essential for quickly
   identifying potential hazards and preventing dangerous incidents.
   Traditional detection systems often rely on centralized data processing,
   which can lead to delays and scalability issues.  To overcome these
   limitations, in this study, we present a solution based on tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) to process data directly on devices.  TinyML has the
   potential to execute machine learning algorithms locally, in real time, and
   using tiny devices, such as microcontrollers, ensuring faster and more
   efficient responses to potential dangers.  Our approach combines an MLX90640
   thermal camera with two optimized convolutional neural networks (CNNs),
   MobileNetV1 and EfficientNet-B0, deployed on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense.
   The results show that our system not only provides real-time analytics but
   does so with high accuracy—88.92% for MobileNetV1 and 91.73% for
   EfficientNet-B0—while achieving inference times of 1414 milliseconds and
   using just 124.8 KB of memory.  Compared to existing solutions, our edge-
   based system overcomes common challenges related to latency and scalability,
   making it a reliable, fast, and efficient option.  This work demonstrates
   the potential for low-cost, scalable gas detection systems that can be
   deployed widely to enhance safety in various environments.  By integrating
   cutting-edge machine learning models with affordable IoT devices, we aim to
   make safety more accessible, regardless of financial limitations, and pave
   the way for further innovation in environmental monitoring solutions.  ©
   2024 by the authors.
DE cnn; cost effective iot solutions; efficientnet-b0; iot; mobilenetv1; tinyml

---

UT 736
AR Brockmann S, 2024, COMPUT, V13, DOI 10.3390/computers13070173
TI Optimizing Convolutional Neural Networks for Image Classification on
   Resource-Constrained Microcontroller Units
AU Brockmann S; Schlippe T
TC 13
SO COMPUT
PY 2024
AB Running machine learning algorithms for image classification locally on
   small, cheap, and low-power microcontroller units (MCUs) has advantages in
   terms of bandwidth, inference time, energy, reliability, and privacy for
   different applications.  Therefore, TinyML focuses on deploying neural
   networks on MCUs with random access memory sizes between 2 KB and 512 KB and
   read-only memory storage capacities between 32 KB and 2 MB. Models designed
   for high-end devices are usually ported to MCUs using model scaling factors
   provided by the model architecture’s designers.  However, our analysis shows
   that this naive approach of substantially scaling down convolutional neural
   networks (CNNs) for image classification using such default scaling factors
   results in suboptimal performance.  Consequently, in this paper we present a
   systematic strategy for efficiently scaling down CNN model architectures to
   run on MCUs.  Moreover, we present our CNN Analyzer, a dashboard-based tool
   for determining optimal CNN model architecture scaling factors for the
   downscaling strategy by gaining layer-wise insights into the model
   architecture scaling factors that drive model size, peak memory, and
   inference time.  Using our strategy, we were able to introduce additional
   new model architecture scaling factors for MobileNet v1, MobileNet v2,
   MobileNet v3, and ShuffleNet v2 and to optimize these model architectures.
   Our best model variation outperforms the MobileNet v1 version provided in
   the MLPerf Tiny Benchmark on the Visual Wake Words image classification
   task, reducing the model size by 20.5% while increasing the accuracy by
   4.0%. © 2024 by the authors.
DE image classification; microcontroller units; tinyml

---

UT 777
AR Ericson A, 2024, IEEE INT WORK FACT COMMUN SYST PROC WFCS, DOI
   10.1109/WFCS60972.2024.10540991
TI IIoT Intrusion Detection using Lightweight Deep Learning Models on Edge
   Devices
AU Ericson A; Forsstrom S; Thar K
TC 13
SO IEEE INT WORK FACT COMMUN SYST PROC WFCS
PY 2024
AB In the rapidly evolving cybersecurity landscape, detecting and preventing
   network attacks has become crucial within the industrial sector.  This study
   aims to explore the potential of intrusion detection by employing deep
   learning within edge computing, especially for the Industrial Internet of
   Things.  Specifically, TinyML converted CNN, LSTM, Transformer-LSTM, and GCN
   models on the UNSW-NB15 dataset.  A comprehensive dataset analysis gained
   insights into the nature of attack behavior data.  Subsequently, a
   comparative analysis in an edge computing setup using Raspberry Pi units
   revealed that the GCN model, with its accuracy of 97.5%, was the best suited
   of the compared models for this application.  However, the study also
   explored variables like time consumption, where the CNN model was the
   fastest out of the compared models.  This research also highlights the need
   for continued exploration, especially in addressing dataset imbalances and
   enhancing model generalizability.  By recognizing each model's strengths and
   areas of improvement, this research serves as a step toward bolstering
   digital safety and security in an increasingly interconnected industrial
   world.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; edge computing; iiot; machine learning; network attacks;
   network security; nids; tinyml; unsw-nb15
ID accident prevention; computer crime; cybersecurity; edge computing;
   industrial research; intrusion detection; learning systems; long short-term
   memory; deep learning; edge computing; iiot; intrusion detection; machine
   learning; network attack; networks security; nids; tinyml; unsw-nb15;
   network security

---

UT 833
AR Garavagno AM, 2024, IEEE SENSORS LET, V8, P1, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2024.3387056
TI An Affordable Hardware-Aware Neural Architecture Search for Deploying
   Convolutional Neural Networks on Ultra-Low-Power Computing Platforms
AU Garavagno AM; Ragusa E/1; Frisoli A; Gastaldo P
TC 13
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2024
AB Hardware-aware neural architecture search (HW-NAS) allows the integration of
   convolutional neural networks (CNNs) in microcontrollers devices by
   automatically designing neural architectures that can fit prearranged
   hardware constraints.  However, state-of-the-art HW-NAS target high-
   performance microcontrollers, whose power consumption does not meet sensing
   nodes requirements.  This letter presents a HW-NAS generating tiny CNNs that
   can run on ultra-low-power microcontrollers, featuring a lightweight search
   procedure enabling its execution even on embedded devices.  Empirical
   results on three well-known benchmarks for tiny computer vision proved that
   the proposed HW-NAS was able to generate tiny CNNs while preserving state-
   of-the-art classification accuracy.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE hardware-aware neural architecture search ( hw-nas ); sensor applications;
   tinyml; ultra-low-power computing
ID computer hardware; computing power; controllers; convolution; low power
   electronics; memory architecture; microcontrollers; network architecture;
   hardware; hardware-aware neural architecture search; kernel; low power
   computing; neural architectures; random access memory; search problem;
   tinyml; ultra-low power; ultra-low-power computing; neural networks

---

UT 857
AR Berta R, 2024, IEEE OPEN J IND ELECTRON SOC, V5, P946, DOI
   10.1109/OJIES.2024.3451959
TI Developing a TinyML Image Classifier in an Hour
AU Berta R; Dabbous A; Lazzaroni L; Pau DP; Bellotti F
TC 13
SO IEEE OPEN J IND ELECTRON SOC
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning technologies are bringing intelligence ever closer to
   the sensor, thus enabling the key benefits of edge computing (e.g., reduced
   latency, improved data security, higher energy efficiency, and lower
   bandwidth consumption, also without the need for constant connectivity).
   This promises to significantly enhance industrial applications but requires
   suited development tools to deal with the complexity of the edge
   technologies and context.  We propose an agile Jupyter Python notebook as a
   simple, manageable tool to efficiently and effectively develop
   microcontroller-based intelligent imaging classification sensors.  The
   notebook implements a methodology involving hyperparameter tuning and
   comparison of different shallow and deep learning models, with quantization.
   It exports TensorFlow Lite models, deployable on several microcontroller
   families, and optionally exploits the STM32Cube.AI developer cloud service,
   which allows benchmarking the developed models on a set of real-world tiny
   hardware target platforms.  Assessment concerns various types of metrics,
   both for machine learning (e.g., accuracy) and embedded systems (e.g.,
   memory footprint, latency, and energy consumption). We have verified the
   support for development effectiveness and efficiency on four ultralow
   resolution image-classification datasets, with different levels of input and
   task complexity.  In all cases, the tool was able to build microcontroller-
   deployment ready, beyond the state-of-the-art models, within 1 h on Google
   Colab CPUs.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE edge computing; imaging sensors; jupyter notebook; microcontroller units (
   mcus ); neural networks ( nns ); quantization; tiny machine learning (
   tinyml )
ID benchmarking; deep learning; image coding; neural networks; quantization (
   signal ); robot learning; accuracy; computational modeling; edge computing;
   imaging sensors; jupyter notebook; machine learning; memory-management;
   microcontroller unit; neural networks; quantization; quantization ( signal
   ); robot sensing system; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 870
AR Alaa R, 2024, KUFA J ENG, V15, P148, DOI 10.30572/2018/KJE/150309
TI OBJECT DETECTION ALGORITHMS IMPLEMENTATION ON EMBEDDED DEVICES: CHALLENGES
   AND SUGGESTED SOLUTIONS
AU Alaa R; Hussein EA; Al-Libawy H
TC 13
SO KUFA J ENG
PY 2024
AB Object detection and image classification are among the most important areas
   to which scientific research is directed, which are commonly used in various
   applications based on computer vision.  The development of low-cost embedded
   devices with powerful processing is leading to a trend in their use in
   computer vision, which provides reduced access time, reliability, and data
   security.  That's why Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) technology appeared,
   which is field that specifically explores the application of machine
   learning on highly limited edge devices.  Deep learning techniques are
   increasingly employed in data-intensive and time-sensitive IoT applications.
   Deploying Deep Neural Network (DNN) models on microcontrollers (MCUs) is
   challenging due to limited resources such as RAM. Recent advancements in the
   field of TinyML hold the potential to introduce a novel category of
   peripheral applications.  TinyML enables the development of new applications
   and services by eliminating the reliance on cloud computing, which consumes
   power and poses risks to data security and privacy.  TinyML currently
   regarded as a promising artificial intelligence (AI(alternative that
   specifically targets technologies and applications for devices with very low
   profiles.  In this paper, the most important algorithms used in object
   detection will be presented, in addition to the challenges in using low-
   resource embedded systems that support TinyML technology.  © 2024,
   University of Kufa.  All rights reserved.
DE artificial intelligence; deep learning; embedded devices; micropython;
   tensorflow lite; tiny machine learning

---

UT 995
AR Andrade P, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P38165, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3458917
TI TEDA-RLS: A TinyML Incremental Learning Approach for Outlier Detection and
   Correction
AU Andrade P; Silva M; Medeiros M; Costa DG; Silva I
TC 13
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) paradigm encompasses computing and networking
   capabilities within electronic objects, acting as a fundamental development
   framework with vast potential for improving lives, enhancing industrial
   processes, and enabling real-time decision-making.  However, as the number
   of connected objects increases, the infrastructure for processing and
   handling large volumes of data is highly impacted.  In response, edge
   computing has been exploited as a way to bring the processing burden closer
   to the data sources, shifting the conventional data processing flow.  As a
   result, a series of innovative machine learning applications has been
   developed for resource-constrained devices, such as microcontrollers,
   enabling efficient data processing on the edge and inaugurating the era of
   tiny machine learning (TinyML). Nevertheless, although the benefits have
   proven promising in different scenarios, particularly when the flexibility
   of embedded models meets the requisites of unsupervised learning approaches,
   TinyML-based applications may need to perform real-time identification of
   data outliers since they could waste resources and impair the expected model
   accuracy.  In this context, this article proposes an innovative TinyML
   outlier detection and correction algorithm based on incremental learning.
   This algorithm was implemented in an on-board diagnostics (OBD-II) scanner
   as a proof of concept, where a microcontroller acquires real-time vehicle
   data to identify data outliers and perform necessary corrections, benefiting
   practical applications in multiple scenarios.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; internet of things ( iot ); machine learning; on-board
   diagnostics ( obd-ii ); smart vehicles
ID data outliers; development frameworks; embedded-system; incremental
   learning; learning approach; machine learning; obd-ii; outlier correction;
   outlier detection; smart vehicles; unsupervised learning

---

UT 574
AR Abadade Y, 2024, FUTUR INTERNET, V16, DOI 10.3390/fi16110391
TI Empowering Healthcare: TinyML for Precise Lung Disease Classification
AU Abadade Y; Benamar N; Bagaa M; Chaoui H
TC 12
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2024
AB Respiratory diseases such as asthma pose significant global health
   challenges, necessitating efficient and accessible diagnostic methods.  The
   traditional stethoscope is widely used as a non-invasive and patient-
   friendly tool for diagnosing respiratory conditions through lung
   auscultation.  However, it has limitations, such as a lack of recording
   functionality, dependence on the expertise and judgment of physicians, and
   the absence of noise-filtering capabilities.  To overcome these limitations,
   digital stethoscopes have been developed to digitize and record lung sounds.
   Recently, there has been growing interest in the automated analysis of lung
   sounds using Deep Learning (DL). Nevertheless, the execution of large DL
   models in the cloud often leads to latency, dependency on internet
   connectivity, and potential privacy issues due to the transmission of
   sensitive health data.  To address these challenges, we developed Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) models for the real-time detection of respiratory
   conditions by using lung sound recordings, deployable on low-power, cost-
   effective devices like digital stethoscopes.  We trained three machine
   learning models—a custom CNN, an Edge Impulse CNN, and a custom LSTM—on a
   publicly available lung sound dataset.  Our data preprocessing included
   bandpass filtering and feature extraction through Mel-Frequency Cepstral
   Coefficients (MFCCs). We applied quantization techniques to ensure model
   efficiency.  The custom CNN model achieved the highest performance, with 96%
   accuracy and 97% precision, recall, and F1-scores, while maintaining
   moderate resource usage.  These findings highlight the potential of TinyML
   to provide accessible, reliable, and real-time diagnostic tools,
   particularly in remote and underserved areas, demonstrating the
   transformative impact of integrating advanced AI algorithms into portable
   medical devices.  This advancement facilitates the prospect of automated
   respiratory health screening using lung sounds.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE early detection; lung disease classification; tinyml
ID diagnosis; electronic health record; pulmonary diseases; condition;
   diagnostic methods; disease classification; early detection; global health;
   lung disease classification; lung sounds; machine learning models; machine
   learning; tiny machine learning; lung cancer

---

UT 929
AR Sayan Saha S, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3603171
TI TinyNS: Platform-aware Neurosymbolic Auto Tiny Machine Learning
AU Sayan Saha S; Sandha SS; Aggarwal M; Wang B; Han L; de Gortari Briseno J;
   Srivastava M
TC 12
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Machine learning at the extreme edge has enabled a plethora of intelligent,
   time-critical, and remote applications.  However, deploying interpretable
   artificial intelligence systems that can perform high-level symbolic
   reasoning and satisfy the underlying system rules and physics within the
   tight platform resource constraints is challenging.  In this article, we
   introduce TinyNS, the first platform-aware neurosymbolic architecture search
   framework for joint optimization of symbolic and neural operators.  TinyNS
   provides recipes and parsers to automatically write microcontroller code for
   five types of neurosymbolic models, combining the context awareness and
   integrity of symbolic techniques with the robustness and performance of
   machine learning models.  TinyNS uses a fast, gradient-free, black-box
   Bayesian optimizer over discontinuous, conditional, numeric, and categorical
   search spaces to find the best synergy of symbolic code and neural networks
   within the hardware resource budget.  To guarantee deployability, TinyNS
   talks to the target hardware during the optimization process.  We showcase
   the utility of TinyNS by deploying microcontroller-class neurosymbolic
   models through several case studies.  In all use cases, TinyNS outperforms
   purely neural or purely symbolic approaches while guaranteeing execution on
   real hardware.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE automl; bayesian; neural architecture search; neurosym-bolic; platform-
   aware; tinyml
ID bayesian networks; budget control; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   network architecture; automl; bayesian; machine learning; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; neurosym-bolic; platform-aware;
   remote applications; time-critical applications; tinyml; codes ( symbols )

---

UT 974
AR Samanta R, 2024, IEEE SP AEROSP DEF CONF SP, P194, DOI
   10.1109/SPACE63117.2024.10667906
TI TinyML-On-The-Fly: Real-Time Low-Power and Low-Cost MCU-Embedded On-Device
   Computer Vision for Aerial Image Classification
AU Samanta R; Saha B; Ghosh SK/1
TC 12
SO IEEE SP AEROSP DEF CONF SP
PY 2024
AB Aerial image classification is essential to intelligent surveillance and
   monitoring systems.  Traditional computer vision methods either uses
   computational offloading to high-end servers or edge devices.  However,
   unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) platforms have resource and power
   constraints.  Aerial image classification is complicated and less-expensive
   UAVs lack processing power and cameras.  Even with large-scale computing
   environments, methods for classifying images are difficult to apply to
   aerial imagery.  We propose TinyAerialNet leveraging TinyML for real-time
   inference on a resource-constrained ESP32 CAM. The model tested on AIDER
   dataset, achieves 88% on-device accuracy in the micro-controller with 103.9
   KB RAM and 850 milliseconds for inference.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE aerial image classification; computer vision; mobilenet; on-device
   inference; tinyml; uav
ID computer monitors; edge computing; microcontrollers; unmanned aerial
   vehicles ( uav ); aerial image classification; aerial images; aerial
   vehicle; images classification; low power; mobilenet; on-device inference;
   real- time; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle; aerial photography

---

UT 979
AR Fay CD, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24010162
TI Green IoT Event Detection for Carbon-Emission Monitoring in Sensor Networks
AU Fay CD; Corcoran B; Diamond D
TC 12
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB This research addresses the intersection of low-power microcontroller
   technology and binary classification of events in the context of carbon-
   emission reduction.  The study introduces an innovative approach leveraging
   microcontrollers for real-time event detection in a homogeneous
   hardware/firmware manner and faced with limited resources.  This showcases
   their efficiency in processing sensor data and reducing power consumption
   without the need for extensive training sets.  Two case studies focusing on
   landfill CO (Formula presented.) emissions and home energy usage demonstrate
   the feasibility and effectiveness of this approach.  The findings highlight
   significant power savings achieved by minimizing data transmission during
   non-event periods (94.8–99.8%), in addition to presenting a sustainable
   alternative to traditional resource-intensive AI/ML platforms that
   comparatively draw and produce 20,000 times the amount of power and carbon
   emissions, respectively.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE carbon emissions; chemical sensing; electricity metering; event detection;
   green; iot; tinyml
ID chemical detection; data handling; emission control; energy efficiency;
   internet of things; microcontrollers; sensor networks; carbon emissions;
   chemical sensing; electricity metering; emissions monitoring; events
   detection; green; iot; low power microcontrollers; sensors network; tinyml;
   article; binary classification; carbon dioxide emission; carbon emission;
   electricity; landfill; sensor; carbon

---

UT 519
AR Lin T-H, 2024, MEAS SCI TECHNOL, V35, DOI 10.1088/1361-6501/ad2665
TI Real-time hollow defect detection in tiles using on-device tiny machine
   learning
AU Lin T-H; Chang C-T; Zhuang T-H; Putranto A
TC 11
SO MEAS SCI TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB This study addresses the challenge of subsurface defect detection in floor
   tiles for quality control in residential construction.  To overcome the
   limitations of traditional inspection methods and the complexities
   associated with existing artificial intelligence (AI)-based approaches, we
   have developed the AI diagnostic Stick (AID-Stick), a novel tool designed to
   advance the field of tile defect detection.  This innovative tool integrates
   an embedded machine-learning framework, leveraging convolutional neural
   networks and tiny machine learning techniques.  The AID-Stick utilizes
   spectrogram, Mel-frequency cepstral coefficient, and Mel filterbank energy
   for real-time, on-microcontroller unit diagnostics of auditory signals from
   tile tapping tests.  Our methodology effectively utilizes these acoustic
   features in distinguishing between intact and subsurface hollow defective
   tiles.  The study’s findings, revealing a notable validation accuracy of 97%
   and a real-world accuracy of 81.25%, showcase a promising improvement over
   traditional methods.  The AID-Stick’s practicality, cost-effectiveness, and
   user-friendly design make it potentially beneficial for small-to-medium
   enterprises and economically constrained markets.  Furthermore, this
   research opens avenues for future enhancements in embedded AI systems, with
   potential applications extending beyond the construction industry to other
   domains requiring non-destructive testing.  This work not only contributes
   to the field of industrial quality control but also to the development of
   intelligent diagnostic tools, paving the way for future innovations in
   automated inspection technologies.  © 2024 IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE aid-stick; audio data; convolutional neural network; defects; floor tiles;
   residential; tiny machine learning
ID construction industry; convolution; convolutional neural networks; cost
   effectiveness; embedded systems; floors; housing; inspection; machine
   learning; nondestructive examination; ai diagnostic stick; audio data;
   convolutional neural network; defect detection; floor tile; hollow defects;
   machine learning; real- time; residential; tiny machine learning; defects

---

UT 527
AR Oufettoul H, 2024, INT LEARN TECHNOL CONF REAL SCI FICT EDUC L, P86, DOI
   10.1109/LT60077.2024.10469633
TI TinyML Applications, Research Challenges, and Future Research Directions
AU Oufettoul H; Chaibi R; Motahhir S
TC 11
SO INT LEARN TECHNOL CONF REAL SCI FICT EDUC L
PY 2024
AB In recent times, both the academic and industrial sectors have developed a
   greater interest in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).
   Conventional ML approaches usually need significant computational resources
   to attain the intended level of precision, thereby restricting their
   feasibility to high-capacity hardware including network nodes.  A paradigm
   shift has occurred with the emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML),
   enabling ML tasks to be run on Internet of Things (IoT) hardware with severe
   limitations.  The TinyML paradigm advocates the integration of ML-based
   processes into small devices powered by microcontroller units (MCUs). This
   article begins with an introduction to TinyML and then explains the tools
   that support it.  We provide up-to-date information about TinyML frameworks.
   Subsequently, the most recent TinyML apps that use cutting-edge technology
   are discussed.  Finally, several research problems and potential future
   directions are noted.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; iot; machine learning; microcontroller; tinyml
ID internet of things; machine learning; academic sectors; application
   research; artificial intelligence learning; future research directions;
   industrial sector; machine learning applications; machine learning; research
   challenges; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 549
AR Gimenez NL, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P5490, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3349557
TI The Effects of Weight Quantization on Online Federated Learning for the IoT:
   A Case Study
AU Gimenez NL; Lee J/1; Freitag F; Vandierendonck H
TC 11
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Many weight quantization approaches were explored to save the communication
   bandwidth between the clients and the server in federated learning using
   high-end computing machines.  However, there is a lack of weight
   quantization research for online federated learning using TinyML devices
   which are restricted by the mini-batch size, the neural network size, and
   the communication method due to their severe hardware resource constraints
   and power budgets.  We name Tiny Online Federated Learning (TinyOFL) for
   online federated learning using TinyML devices in the Internet of Things
   (IoT). This paper performs a comprehensive analysis of the effects of weight
   quantization in TinyOFL in terms of accuracy, stability, overfitting,
   communication efficiency, energy consumption, and delivery time, and
   extracts practical guidelines on how to apply the weight quantization to
   TinyOFL. Our analysis is supported by a TinyOFL case study with three
   Arduino Portenta H7 boards running federated learning clients for a keyword
   spotting task.  Our findings include that in TinyOFL, a more aggressive
   weight quantization can be allowed than in online learning without FL,
   without affecting the accuracy thanks to TinyOFL's quasi-batch training
   property.  For example, using 7-bit weights achieved the equivalent accuracy
   to 32-bit floating point weights, while saving communication bandwidth by
   4.6×. Overfitting by increasing network width rarely occurs in TinyOFL, but
   may occur if strong weight quantization is applied.  The experiments also
   showed that there is a design space for TinyOFL applications by compensating
   for the accuracy loss due to weight quantization with an increase of the
   neural network size.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE approximate computing; federated learning; iot; tinyml
ID bandwidth; budget control; digital arithmetic; e-learning; energy
   utilization; learning systems; quantization ( signal ); approximate
   computing; case-studies; communication bandwidth; federated learning;
   machine learning; neural network size; quantization; quantization ( signal
   ); tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 568
AR Cioflan C, 2024, IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC, P6, DOI
   10.1109/AICAS59952.2024.10595987
TI On-Device Domain Learning for Keyword Spotting on Low-Power Extreme Edge
   Embedded Systems
AU Cioflan C; Cavigelli L; Rusci M; De Prado M; Benini L
TC 11
SO IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Keyword spotting accuracy degrades when neural networks are exposed to noisy
   environments.  On-site adaptation to previously unseen noise is crucial to
   recovering accuracy loss, and on-device learning is required to ensure that
   the adaptation process happens entirely on the edge device.  In this work,
   we propose a fully on-device domain adaptation system achieving up to 14%
   accuracy gains over already-robust keyword spotting models.  We enable on-
   device learning with less than 10 kB of memory, using only 100 labeled
   utterances to recover 5% accuracy after adapting to the complex speech
   noise.  We demonstrate that domain adaptation can be achieved on ultra-low-
   power microcontrollers with as little as 806 mJ in only 14 s on always-on,
   battery-operated devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE domain adaptation; extreme edge; keyword spotting; low power
   microcontrollers; noise robustness; on-device learning; tinyml
ID learning systems; microcontrollers; domain adaptation; domain learning;
   embedded-system; extreme edge; keyword spotting; low power; low power
   microcontrollers; noise robustness; on-device learning; tinyml; embedded
   systems

---

UT 589
AR Pratap Singh Y, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P26836, DOI
   10.1109/JSEN.2024.3416390
TI Hardware Deployable Edge AI Solution for Posture Classification Using mmWave
   Radar and Low- Computational Machine Learning Model
AU Pratap Singh Y; Gupta A; Chaudhary D; Wajid M; Srivastava A; Mahajan P
TC 11
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB Identifying correct human postures is crucial in areas, such as patient
   care, in hospitals.  However, the traditional vision-based methods widely
   used for this purpose raise privacy concerns for the subject, and the other
   wearable sensor-based approaches are impractical for real-world scenarios.
   In this article, we propose a contactless, privacy-conscious, and memory-
   efficient posture classification system based on a millimeter-wave (mmWave)
   radar.  This system utilizes 3-D point-cloud data captured using Texas
   Instrument's IWR1843BOOST frequency-modulated continuous-wave (FMCW) radar
   module to classify the posture of the subject.  Two types of datasets are
   extracted from these radar data: 1) image dataset derived from the isometric
   view of the point-cloud data and 2) spatial coordinates dataset also
   extracted from the point-cloud data.  A low-computational tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) model is employed on the datasets for efficient
   implementation on embedded hardware, Raspberry Pi 3 B+. The proposed model's
   parameters were quantized to 8 bits (int8), which accurately classify four
   postures, i.e., standing, sitting, lying, and bending, with an accuracy of
   98.97% for the image data.  However, to make it more computationally
   efficient, the int8 quantized TinyML model was trained on the spatial
   coordinates dataset, giving an accuracy of 96.12%. This highlights the
   efficiency and effectiveness of our proposed lightweight model that can be
   deployed on edge devices for real-world applications.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); millimeter-wave ( mmwave ); point-cloud
   images; posture classification; tiny machine learning
ID classification ( of information ); continuous wave radar; data mining;
   frequency modulation; image classification; machine learning; radar imaging;
   three-dimensional displays; wearable sensors; accuracy; artificial
   intelligence; chirp; cloud image; machine learning; millimeter-wave;
   millimeter-wave communications; point-cloud image; point-clouds; posture
   classification; three-dimensional display; tiny machine learning; millimeter
   waves

---

UT 602
AR Khatoon A, 2024, COMPUT MATER CONTIN, V80, P527, DOI
   10.32604/cmc.2024.051147
TI Optimized Binary Neural Networks for Road Anomaly Detection: A TinyML
   Approach on Edge Devices
AU Khatoon A; Wang W; Ullah A; Li L; Wang M
TC 11
SO COMPUT MATER CONTIN
PY 2024
AB Integrating Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) with edge computing in remotely
   sensed images enhances the capabilities of road anomaly detection on a
   broader level.  Constrained devices efficiently implement a Binary Neural
   Network (BNN) for road feature extraction, utilizing quantization and
   compression through a pruning strategy.  The modifications resulted in a
   28-fold decrease in memory usage and a 25% enhancement in inference speed
   while only experiencing a 2.5% decrease in accuracy.  It showcases its
   superiority over conventional detection algorithms in different road image
   scenarios.  Although constrained by computer resources and training
   datasets, our results indicate opportunities for future research,
   demonstrating that quantization and focused optimization can significantly
   improve machine learning models' accuracy and operational efficiency.  ARM
   Cortex-M0 gives practical feasibility and substantial benefits while
   deploying our optimized BNN model on this low-power device: Advanced machine
   learning in edge computing.  The analysis work delves into the educational
   significance of TinyML and its essential function in analyzing road networks
   using remote sensing, suggesting ways to improve smart city frameworks in
   road network assessment, traffic management, and autonomous vehicle
   navigation systems by emphasizing the importance of new technologies for
   maintaining and safeguarding road networks.  © 2024 Tech Science Press.  All
   rights reserved.
DE bnns; edge computing; model compression; optimization; quantization; remote
   sensing; road anomaly detection; tinyml
ID edge computing; feature extraction; image enhancement; navigation systems;
   remote sensing; roads and streets; anomaly detection; bnn; edge computing;
   machine learning; model compression; optimizations; quantization; remote
   sensing; road anomaly detection; tiny machine learning; anomaly detection

---

UT 642
AR Javed A/1, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24227320
TI Embedding Tree-Based Intrusion Detection System in Smart Thermostats for
   Enhanced IoT Security
AU Javed A/1; Awais MN; Qureshi A-U-H; Jawad M; Arshad J; Larijani H
TC 11
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB IoT devices with limited resources, and in the absence of gateways, become
   vulnerable to various attacks, such as denial of service (DoS) and man-in-
   the-middle (MITM) attacks.  Intrusion detection systems (IDS) are designed
   to detect and respond to these threats in IoT environments.  While machine
   learning-based IDS have typically been deployed at the edge (gateways) or in
   the cloud, in the absence of gateways, the IDS must be embedded within the
   sensor nodes themselves.  Available datasets mainly contain features
   extracted from network traffic at the edge (e.g., Raspberry Pi/computer) or
   cloud servers.  We developed a unique dataset, named as Intrusion Detection
   in the Smart Homes (IDSH) dataset, which is based on features retrievable
   from microcontroller-based IoT devices.  In this work, a Tree-based IDS is
   embedded into a smart thermostat for real-time intrusion detection.  The
   results demonstrated that the IDS achieved an accuracy of 98.71% for binary
   classification with an inference time of 276 microseconds, and an accuracy
   of 97.51% for multi-classification with an inference time of 273
   microseconds.  Real-time testing showed that the smart thermostat is capable
   of detecting DoS and MITM attacks without relying on a gateway or cloud.  ©
   2024 by the authors.
DE catboost; dos; embedded ml; intrusion detection system; mitm; tinyml
ID denial-of-service attack; gateways ( computer networks ); intrusion
   detection; sensor nodes; catboost; denial-of-service; embedded ml;
   embeddings; intrusion detection systems; intrusion detection; man in the
   middle; tinyml; tree-based; various attacks; article; binary classification;
   denial; diagnosis; intrusion detection system; machine learning; male;
   raspberry; sensor; smart home; network intrusion

---

UT 644
AR Buteau E, 2024, PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS, DOI
   10.1109/EMBC53108.2024.10781755
TI TinyML for Real-Time Embedded HD-EMG Hand Gesture Recognition with On-Device
   Fine-Tuning
AU Buteau E; Gagné G; Bonilla W; Boukadoum M; Fortier P; Gosselin B
TC 11
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS
PY 2024
AB This work introduces a fully embedded wireless platform that incorporates
   the Coral Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) accelerator to leverage TinyML for
   real-time hand gesture recognition using high-density surface
   electromyography (HD-sEMG). With a general inference time of 2.96 ms using a
   64 channels sensor, the TPU proved to be well suited for such real-time
   recognition tasks.  Constructed from off-the-shelf components, the platform
   offers a cost-effective and self-sufficient alternative for integrating
   artificial intelligence into prosthetic devices, eliminating the dependency
   on expensive external hardware.  The system allows for intuitive calibration
   through a user interface, facilitating fine-tuning of the inference model
   directly on the device or remotely via a cloud-based server.  On-device
   finetuning yields similar performance to the cloud-based approach, improving
   gesture recognition accuracy by up to 36.15% in intersession test cases.
   Extensive exploration of 8-bit data quantization techniques demonstrates
   that hardware compatibility can be achieved without sacrificing performance.
   In the best case, the proposed quantization scheme can improve the results
   by 0.96% compared to unquantized data.  Overall, this paper establishes a
   robust foundation for advancing on-device HD-sEMG based hand gesture
   recognition, paving the way for more accessible and practical myoelectric
   prosthetic solutions.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE ai accelerator; artificial intelligence ( ai ); biomedical; data
   quantization; electromyography ( emg ); embedded device; hand gesture
   recognition ( hgr ); hd-emg; tinyml
ID electromyography; gestures; hand; humans; pattern recognition automated;
   signal processing computer-assisted; digital storage; electrotherapeutics;
   image coding; myoelectrically controlled prosthetics; palmprint recognition;
   artificial intelligence; artificial intelligence accelerator; biomedical;
   data quantizations; electromyography; embedded device; hand gesture
   recognition; hand gesture recognition; hd-electromyography; tinyml;
   automated pattern recognition; devices; electromyography; gesture; hand;
   human; physiology; procedures; signal processing; gesture recognition

---

UT 647
AR Sharma M, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P3264, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2023.3295823
TI Smart and Fault-Tolerant Multisensor Fusion Model for UCM Methane Hazard
   Monitoring Based on Belief Divergence Backed DS Filter and Hybrid CNN-LSTM
   Classifier
AU Sharma M; Maity T
TC 11
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB The underground coal mine (UCM) dynamic and complex environment impose
   various hazards that significantly affect the mining production and safety
   of the personnel.  Flammable and poisonous gases significantly contribute to
   many fatal accidents.  This study proposes a real-time-based reliable gas
   hazard monitoring system using multisensor data fusion.  A hybrid of CNN-
   LSTM-based deep neural network (HCLM) is developed to serve the purpose.
   Due to the challenging environment of the UCM, sensor malfunctioning is
   inevitable and severely affects the performance of HCLM. A novel front-end
   filter (FEF) is developed based on Damper Shafer's (DS) theory and belief
   divergence-based weighted credibility metric to overcome the drawback of
   HCLM. In the laboratory trial, it is observed that the hazard classification
   accuracy of HCLM for the faulty node scenarios is 85%. In contrast, the
   accuracy of the HCLM integrated with FEF is maintained at 98%, even for
   multiple faulty node cases.  Another novelty of this study is the tinyML
   implementation of the proposed model.  Due to UCM's inherent complexities
   and challenges, traditional wireless communications face operational
   difficulties.  Hence, a cloud-based machine learning operation is not a
   feasible option in UCM. Hence, using the concept of tinyML, the proposed
   model is directly deployed on a microcontroller near the data sources,
   thereby reducing network latency and security issues.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE cnn-lstm; dempster-shafer evidence theory ( dset ); sensor fusion; tinyml;
   underground coal mine ( ucm )
ID coal; coal mines; deep neural networks; hazards; interactive computer
   systems; long short-term memory; methane; cnn-lstm; coal-mining; dset;
   faulty node; frontend filters; hazard monitoring; real-time system; sensor
   fusion; tinyml; underground coal mine; real-time systems

---

UT 688
AR Sayan Saha S, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P16999, DOI
   10.1109/JSEN.2024.3383721
TI LocoMote: AI-Driven Sensor Tags for Fine-Grained Undersea Localization and
   Sensing
AU Sayan Saha S; Davis C; Sandha SS; Park J/1; Geronimo J; Garcia LA;
   Srivastava MB
TC 11
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB Long-term and fine-grained maritime localization and sensing are challenging
   due to sporadic connectivity, constrained power budget, limited footprint,
   and hostile environment.  In this article, we present the design
   considerations and implementation of LocoMote, a rugged ultralow-footprint
   undersea sensor tag with on-device AI-driven localization, online
   communication, and energy-harvesting capabilities.  LocoMote uses on-chip (<
   30 kB) neural networks to track underwater objects within 3 m with ∼ 6 min
   of Global Positioning System (GPS) outage from 9-degrees of freedom (DoF)
   inertial sensor readings.  The tag streams data at 2-5 kb/s (< 10-3 bit
   error rate) using piezoacoustic ultrasonics, achieving an underwater
   communication range of more than 50 m while allowing up to 55 nodes to
   concurrently stream via randomized time-division multiple access.  To
   recharge the battery during sleep, the tag uses an aluminum-air salt water
   energy-harvesting system, generating up to 5 mW of power.  LocoMote is
   ultralightweight (< 50 g) and tiny (32× 32×10 mm3), consumes low power (∼
   330 mW peak), and comes with a suite of high-resolution sensors.  We
   highlight the hardware and software design decisions, implementation
   lessons, and the real-world performance of our tag versus existing oceanic
   sensing technologies.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE animal tagging; biologging; dead reckoning; energy harvesting; inertial;
   neural networks; piezoacoustic; sensor tags; tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   ); underwater
ID bit error rate; budget control; neural networks; software design; time
   division multiple access; underwater acoustic communication; underwater
   acoustics; animal tagging; biologging; dead reckoning; inertial;
   localization; neural networks; piezoacoustic; sensor tag; tinyml;
   underwater; energy harvesting

---

UT 738
AR Han L/1, 2024, PROC IEEE INFOCOM, P1999, DOI
   10.1109/INFOCOM52122.2024.10621387
TI DTMM: Deploying TinyML Models on Extremely Weak IoT Devices with Pruning
AU Han L/1; Xiao Z; Li Z/5
TC 11
SO PROC IEEE INFOCOM
PY 2024
AB DTMM is a library designed for efficient deployment and execution of machine
   learning models on weak IoT devices such as microcontroller units (MCUs).
   The motivation for designing DTMM comes from the emerging field of tiny
   machine learning (TinyML), which explores extending the reach of machine
   learning to many low-end IoT devices to achieve ubiquitous intelligence.
   Due to the weak capability of embedded devices, it is necessary to compress
   models by pruning enough weights before deploying.  Although pruning has
   been studied extensively on many computing platforms, two key issues with
   pruning methods are exacerbated on MCUs: models need to be deeply compressed
   without significantly compromising accuracy, and they should perform
   efficiently after pruning.  Current solutions only achieve one of these
   objectives, but not both.  In this paper, we find that pruned models have
   great potential for efficient deployment and execution on MCUs.  Therefore,
   we propose DTMM with pruning unit selection, pre-execution pruning
   optimizations, runtime acceleration, and post-execution low-cost storage to
   fill the gap for efficient deployment and execution of pruned models.  It
   can be integrated into commercial ML frameworks for practical deployment,
   and a prototype system has been developed.  Extensive experiments on various
   models show promising gains compared to state-of-the-art methods.  © 2024
   IEEE.
ID contrastive learning; machine learning; microcontrollers; current; computing
   platform; embedded device; key issues; machine learning models; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; pruning methods; ubiquitous intelligence;
   unit selection; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 798
AR Ahmad U, 2024, APPL SCI, V14, DOI 10.3390/app14135648
TI Enhancing Security in Connected and Autonomous Vehicles: A Pairing Approach
   and Machine Learning Integration
AU Ahmad U; Han M; Mahmood S
TC 11
SO APPL SCI
PY 2024
AB The automotive sector faces escalating security risks due to advances in
   wireless communication technology.  Expanding on our previous research using
   a sensor pairing technique and machine learning models to evaluate IoT
   sensor data reliability, this study broadens its scope to address security
   concerns in Connected and Autonomous Vehicles (CAVs). The objectives of this
   research include identifying and mitigating specific security
   vulnerabilities related to CAVs, thereby establishing a comprehensive
   understanding of the risks these vehicles face.  Additionally, our study
   introduces two innovative pairing approaches.  The first approach focuses on
   pairing Electronic Control Units (ECUs) within individual vehicles, while
   the second extends to pairing entire vehicles, termed as vehicle pairing.
   Rigorous preprocessing of the dataset was carried out to ensure its
   readiness for subsequent model training.  Leveraging Support Vector Machine
   (SVM) and TinyML methods for data validation and attack detection, we have
   been able to achieve an impressive accuracy rate of 97.2%. The proposed
   security approach notably contributes to the security of CAVs against
   potential cyber threats.  The experimental setup demonstrates the practical
   application and effectiveness of TinyML in embedded systems within CAVs.
   Importantly, our proposed solution ensures that these security enhancements
   do not impose additional memory or network loads on the ECUs.  This is
   accomplished by delegating the intensive cross-validation to the central
   module or Roadside Units (RSUs). This novel approach not only contributes to
   mitigating various security loopholes, but paves the way for scalable,
   efficient solutions for resource-constrained automotive systems.  © 2024 by
   the authors.
DE authentication; connected and autonomous vehicles ( cavs ); cybersecurity;
   intelligent transportation systems ( its ); machine learning; support vector
   machine ( svm ); tinyml

---

UT 830
AR Lin C-T, 2024, IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS, V59, P2684, DOI
   10.1109/JSSC.2024.3362274
TI iMCU: A 28-nm Digital In-Memory Computing-Based Microcontroller Unit for
   TinyML
AU Lin C-T; Huang PX; Oh J; Wang D; Seok M
TC 11
SO IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) envisions executing a deep neural network
   (DNN)-based inference on an edge device for improving battery life, latency,
   security, and privacy.  Toward this vision, recent microcontroller units
   (MCUs) integrate in-memory computing (IMC) hardware to leverage its high
   energy efficiency and throughput in vector-matrix multiplication (VMM).
   However, those existing works require large IMC hardware, severely
   increasing the area overhead.  In addition, most existing works use analog-
   mixed-signal (AMS) IMC hardware, exhibiting limited robustness over process,
   voltage, and temperature (PVT) variations.  Finally, none can support a
   practical software development framework such as TensorFlow Lite for
   Microcontrollers (TFLite-micro). Due to these limitations, those MCUs did
   not present the performance for the standard benchmark MLPerf-Tiny, which
   makes it difficult to evaluate them against the state-of-the-art neural (not
   necessarily IMC-based) MCUs.  In this article, we design a new IMC-based
   MCU, titled iMCU, for TinyML to address those challenges.  In the design
   process, we: 1) define the optimal set of acceleration targets and 2) devise
   an area-efficient computation flow that requires the least amount of IMC
   hardware yet still provides a significant acceleration.  In addition, we
   develop: 1) state-of-the-art digital IMC macros and 2) create the
   accelerator based on the macros, which can support the proposed computation
   flow in a fully pipelined manner.  Combining those innovations, we
   prototyped the iMCU in a 28-nm CMOS. The measurement results show that the
   iMCU significantly outperforms the prior IMC-based MCUs in compute density,
   energy efficiency, and SRAM density (total SRAM size/total SRAM area). It
   also achieves a compact footprint of 2.73 mm2.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; hardware/software codesign; in-memory computing ( imc );
   microcontroller units ( mcus ); neural network accelerators; tiny machine
   learning ( tinyml )
ID benchmarking; controllers; deep neural networks; hardware-software codesign;
   memory architecture; microcontrollers; software design; static random access
   storage; deep learning; hardware; hardware/software codesign; in-memory
   computing; machine learning; microcontroller unit; neural network
   accelerator; neural networks; random access memory; software; tiny machine
   learning; energy efficiency

---

UT 984
AR Jia Z, 2024, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V43, P127,
   DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2023.3309744
TI TinyML Design Contest for Life-Threatening Ventricular Arrhythmia Detection
AU Jia Z; Li D; Liu C; Liao L; Xu X; Ping L; Shi Y
TC 11
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB The first ACM/IEEE TinyML Design Contest (TDC) held at the 41st
   International Conference on Computer-Aided Design (ICCAD) in 2022 is a
   challenging, multimonth, research and development competition.  TDC'22
   focuses on real-world medical problems that require the innovation and
   implementation of artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML)
   algorithms on implantable devices.  The challenge problem of TDC'22 is to
   develop a novel AI/ML-based real-time detection algorithm for life-
   threatening ventricular arrhythmia (VA) over low-power microcontrollers
   utilized in implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs). The dataset
   contains more than 38000 5-s intracardiac electrograms (IEGMs) segments over
   eight different types of rhythm from 90 subjects.  The dedicated hardware
   platform is NUCLEO-L432KC manufactured by STMicroelectronics.  TDC'22, which
   is open to multiperson teams world-wide, attracted more than 150 teams from
   over 50 organizations.  This article first presents the medical problem,
   dataset, and evaluation procedure in detail.  It further demonstrates and
   discusses the designs developed by the leading teams as well as
   representative results.  This article concludes with the direction of
   improvement for the future TinyML design for health monitoring applications.
   © 1982-2012 IEEE.
DE benchmark; dataset; deep learning ( dl ); implantable cardioverter-
   defibrillator; tinyml; ventricular arrhythmia ( va ) detection
ID computer aided design; deep learning; defibrillators; diseases; implantable
   cardioverter-defibrillators; implants ( surgical ); interactive computer
   systems; medical problems; signal detection; arrhythmia; arrhythmia
   detection; benchmark; dataset; deep learning; implantable cardioverter-
   defibrillators; implantable cardioverters-defibrillators; medical services;
   real-time system; recording; rhythm; tinyml; ventricular arrhythmia
   detection; ventricular arrhythmias; real-time systems

---

UT 504
AR Huang Z/1, 2024, IEEE INT SYMP INTERNET SOUNDS IS2, DOI
   10.1109/IS262782.2024.10704131
TI TinyChirp: Bird Song Recognition Using TinyML Models on Low-power Wireless
   Acoustic Sensors
AU Huang Z/1; Tousnakhoff A; Kozyr P; Rehausen R; Biebmann F; Lachlan R; Adjih
   C; Baccelli E
TC 10
SO IEEE INT SYMP INTERNET SOUNDS IS2
PY 2024
AB Monitoring biodiversity at scale is challenging.  De-Tecting and identifying
   species in fine grained taxonomies requires highly accurate machine learning
   (ML) methods.  Training such models requires large high quality data sets.
   And deploying these models to low power devices requires novel compression
   techniques and model architectures.  While species classification methods
   have profited from novel data sets and advances in ML methods, in particular
   neural networks, deploying these state-of-The-Art models to low power
   devices remains difficult.  Here we present a comprehensive empirical
   comparison of various tinyML neural network architectures and compression
   techniques for species classification.  We focus on the example of bird song
   detection, and more concretely on a data set curated for studying the corn
   bunting bird species.  We publish the data set along with all the code and
   experiments of this study.  In our experiments we comparatively evaluate
   predictive performance, memory and time complexity of spectrogram-based
   methods and of more recent approaches operating directly on the raw audio
   signal.  Our results demonstrate that TinyChirp-our approach-can robustly
   detect individual bird species with precisions over 0.98 and reduce energy
   consumption compared to state-of-The-Art, such that an autonomous recording
   unit lifetime on a single battery charge is extended from 2 weeks to 8
   weeks, almost an entire season.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE acoustic sensors; machine learning; microcontroller; tinyml
ID acoustic devices; audio recordings; acoustic sensors; birds song;
   compression techniques; data set; low power devices; machine learning
   methods; machine learning; species classification; state of the art; tinyml;
   birds

---

UT 521
AR Crafa DM, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636540
TI IR Light Sensing at the Edges of Glasses Lenses for Invisible Eye Tracking
AU Crafa DM; Di Giacomo S; Natali D; Fiorini C; Carminati M; Merigo L;
   Ongarello T
TC 10
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB We propose a novel readout configuration of photo detectors (PD) employed
   for infrared (IR) oculography placed on the lateral edges of the standard
   lenses of glasses for eye tracking.  They collect the amount of light
   reflected by the IR-illuminated eyeball and captured by the lens, which
   guides it towards the edges.  A set of discrete photodetectors is thus
   hidden inside the rims and their signals are fed to an agile artificial
   neural network (ANN) allowing to reconstruct the direction of the incident
   light, thus enabling the estimation of the direction of gaze.  Here we
   report the experimental validation of this sensing approach on both a
   rectangular and prescription lens.  The accuracy of the ANN inference
   applied to the current preliminary setup with 4 PDs is 5° and 25° for pitch
   and yaw respectively.  The robustness of the detection was also tested under
   spurious IR illumination, which is fully rejected by a differential
   measurement.  We believe that this approach will allow the combination of
   aesthetics, suitable accuracy and low-power needed to shift eye tracking
   from specific trial conditions and devices (such as headsets with bulky
   external batteries) to a pervasive, full-time feature of next-generation
   smart glasses.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE direction of gaze; infrared oculography; spatially sparse optical sensing;
   tiny machine learning
ID eye protection; eyeglasses; infrared detectors; laser beams; lenses;
   direction of gaze; eye tracking; infrared light; infrared oculography; light
   sensing; machine learning; neural networks; optical sensing; spatially
   sparse optical sensing; tiny machine learning; neural networks

---

UT 532
AR Fusco P/1, 2024, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14816 LNCS, P71, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-65223-3_5
TI TinyIDS - An IoT Intrusion Detection System by Tiny Machine Learning
AU Fusco P/1; Rimoli GP; Ficco M
TC 10
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB The use of Internet of Things (IoT) devices in sectors, such as healthcare,
   automotive, and industrial automation, has increased the risk of attacks
   against critical assets.  Machine learning techniques may be utilized to
   identify malicious behaviors, but they often require dedicated, energy-
   intensive, and expensive devices, which may not be deployable in IoT
   infrastructures.  Furthermore, privacy constraints, security policies, and
   latency constraints could limit the sending of sensitive data to powerful
   remote servers.  To address this issue, the emerging field of TinyML offers
   a solution for implementing machine learning algorithms directly on
   resource-constrained devices.  Therefore, this article presents the
   implementation of an intrusion detector, named TinyIDS, which exploits the
   Tiny machine learning techniques.  The detector can be deployed on resource-
   constrained IoT devices to detect attacks against sensor networks, as well
   as malicious behaviors of compromised smart objects.  On-board training has
   been exploited to train and analyze data locally without having to transfer
   sensitive data to remote or untrusted cloud services.  The solution has been
   tested on common MCU-based devices and ToN_IoT datasets.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE ids; intrusion detection; mcu; microcontroller; on-board training; security;
   tinyml
ID internet of things; intrusion detection; learning algorithms; machine
   learning; network security; object detection; sensitive data; sensor
   networks; ids; intrusion detection systems; intrusion detection; machine
   learning techniques; malicious behavior; mcu; on-board training; security;
   sensitive datas; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 619
AR Yap YS, 2024, IEEE SENSORS LET, V8, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2024.3463977
TI Modified Overcomplete Autoencoder for Anomaly Detection Based on TinyML
AU Yap YS; Ahmad MR
TC 10
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2024
AB This letter explores the architecture of tiny machine learning (TinyML).
   Deploying machine learning into embedded devices is challenging due to the
   limited computation power and memory space.  An experimental setup has been
   designed for the anomaly detection of a USB fan.  We collect the normal data
   from a USB fan, and abnormal data are simulated using a broken fan blade.
   Two different speeds, namely, speed 1 and speed 2, have been used to collect
   the normal data and abnormal data.  The normal data collected are used to
   train the standard autoencoder model and our proposed model modified
   overcomplete asymmetric autoencoder (MOA), respectively.  The trained model
   is then deployed into a microcontroller, i.e., Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense.
   The proposed MOA can achieve 99.23% accuracy, recall of 99.70%, precision of
   98.77%, F1 score of 99.23%, and false positive rate of 1.222%. Besides that,
   our MOA model only occupies 17 kB. Therefore, it can be fitted into most
   microcontrollers for embedded applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; autoencoder ( ae ); embedded-system; mechanical sensors;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID adversarial machine learning; anomaly detection; macroinvertebrates;
   abnormal data; anomaly detection; auto encoders; computation power; embedded
   device; embedded-system; machine learning; over-complete; power spaces; tiny
   machine learning; turbomachine blades

---

UT 679
AR Zhang J/3, 2024, SCI CHINA SCI, V67, DOI 10.1007/s11432-023-3958-4
TI A comprehensive analysis of DAC-SDC FPGA low power object detection
   challenge
AU Zhang J/3; Li G/1; Zhang M/1; Cao X; Zhang Y/7; Li X; Chen Z; Yang J/2
TC 10
SO SCI CHINA SCI
PY 2024
AB The lower power object detection challenge (LPODC) at the IEEE/ACM Design
   Automation Conference is a premier contest in low-power object detection and
   algorithm (software)-hardware co-design for edge artificial intelligence,
   which has been a success in the past five years.  LPODC focused on designing
   and implementing novel algorithms on the edge platform for object detection
   in images taken from unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), which attracted
   hundreds of teams from dozens of countries to participate.  Our team SEUer
   has been participating in this competition for three consecutive years from
   2020 to 2022 and obtained sixth place respectively in 2020 and 2021.
   Recently, we achieved the championship in 2022. In this paper, we presented
   the LPODC for UAV object detection from 2018 to 2022, including the dataset,
   hardware platform, and evaluation method.  In addition, we also introduced
   and discussed the details of methods proposed by each year’s top three teams
   from 2018 to 2022 in terms of network, accuracy, quantization method,
   hardware performance, and total score.  Additionally, we conducted an in-
   depth analysis of the selected entries and results, along with summarizing
   representative methodologies.  This analysis serves as a valuable practical
   resource for researchers and engineers in deploying the UAV application on
   edge platforms and enhancing its feasibility and reliability.  According to
   the analysis and discussion, it becomes evident that the adoption of a
   hardware-algorithm co-design approach is paramount in the context of tiny
   machine learning (TinyML). This approach surpasses the mere optimization of
   software and hardware as separate entities, proving to be essential for
   achieving optimal performance and efficiency in TinyML applications.  ©
   Science China Press 2024.
DE algorithm-hardware codesign; convolutional neural networks; field
   programmable gate array; low power; object detection; tiny machine learning
ID aircraft detection; antennas; application programs; computer aided design;
   field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); integrated circuit design; learning
   algorithms; low power electronics; neural networks; object detection; object
   recognition; reliability analysis; algorithm-hardware codesign; co-designs;
   convolutional neural network; field programmable gate array; field
   programmables; low power; machine learning; objects detection; programmable
   gate array; tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 769
AR De Simone A, 2024, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V73, DOI
   10.1109/TIM.2024.3449981
TI Advancing Beekeeping: IoT and TinyML for Queen Bee Monitoring Using Audio
   Signals
AU De Simone A; Barbisan L; Turvani G; Riente F
TC 10
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2024
AB Beekeeping plays an essential role in maintaining ecosystems through
   pollination and enhancing biodiversity.  The presence of the queen bee
   inside the hive is an important indicator for the health of the bee colony.
   Monitoring the health of honeybees and their hives is crucial not only for
   bees but also for the entire ecosystem.  This article introduces a tiny
   machine learning (ML) application for edge computing in the Internet-of-
   Things (IoT) systems, designed to predict the queen bee's presence.  The
   solution, implemented on a low-power microcontroller (MCU), listens to the
   sound produced by honeybees and aids beekeepers by automating health
   assessments of the colony.  The system utilizes audio recordings of
   honeybees combined with artificial intelligence (AI) techniques, while the
   second focuses on optimizing a feature extraction algorithm from these
   recordings to minimize latency and energy use in the IoT setup.  The
   findings show that despite the implementation of a simpler ML model and
   audio preprocessing with lower computational precision, the final metrics
   remain comparable to those analyzed, with only a limited reduction.  © 2024
   The Authors.  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-
   NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 License.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); internet of things ( iot ); neural network (
   nn ); sound analysis; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID electronic health record; mhealth; support vector machines; artificial
   intelligence; fast fourier; features extraction; internet of thing; machine
   learning; mel-frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency cepstral
   coefficients; neural network; neural networks; sound analysis; support
   vectors machine; tiny machine learning; audio recordings

---

UT 783
AR Johnvictor AC, 2024, J MULTIDISCIPHEALTHC, V17, P5091, DOI
   10.2147/JMDH.S483247
TI TinyML-Based Lightweight AI Healthcare Mobile Chatbot Deployment
AU Johnvictor AC; Poonkodi M; Sankar NP; Thinesh VS
TC 10
SO J MULTIDISCIPHEALTHC
PY 2024
AB Introduction: In healthcare applications, AI-driven innovations are set to
   revolutionise patient interactions and care, with the aim of improving
   patient satisfaction.  Recent advancements in Artificial Intelligence have
   significantly affected nursing, assistive management, medical diagnoses, and
   other critical medical procedures.  Purpose: Many artificial intelligence
   (AI) solutions operate online, posing potential risks to patient data
   security.  To address these security concerns and ensure swift operation,
   this study has developed a chatbot tailored for hospital environments,
   running on a local server, and utilising TinyML for processing patient data.
   Patients and Methods: Edge computing technology enables secure on-site data
   processing.  The implementation includes patient identification using a
   Histogram of Gradient (HOG)-based classification, followed by basic patient
   care tasks, such as temperature measurement and demographic recording.
   Results: The classification accuracy of patient detection was 95.8%. An
   autonomous temperature-sensing unit equipped with a medical-grade infrared
   temperature scanner detected and recorded patient temperature.  Following
   the temperature assessment, the tinyML-powered chatbot engaged patients in a
   series of questions customised by doctors to train the model for diagnostic
   scenarios.  Patients’ responses, recorded as “yes” or “no”, are stored and
   printed in their case sheet.  The accuracy of the TinyML model is 95.3% and
   the on-device processing time is 217 ms.  The implemented TinyML model uses
   only 8.8Kb RAM and 50.3Kb Flash memory, with a latency of only 4 ms.
   Conclusion: Each patient was assigned a unique ID, and their data were
   securely stored for further consultation and diagnosis via hospital
   management.  This research demonstrates faster patient data recording and
   increased security compared to existing AI-based healthcare solutions, as
   all processes occur within the local host.  © 2024 Johnvictor et al.
DE assistive management; autonomous robot; edge computing; healthcare; hog
   descriptors
ID accuracy; algorithm; article; artificial intelligence; burnout; cancer
   screening; caregiver; computer analysis; convolutional neural network; data
   processing; dementia; discrete fourier transform; exercise; feature
   extraction; female; fourier transform; healthcare personnel; healthcare
   system; health service; histogram; hospital management; human; large
   language model; lung cancer; machine learning; male; medical error; medical
   record; medication compliance; patient care; patient coding; patient
   identification; patient satisfaction; rectum cancer; stomach cancer; support
   vector machine; temperature; temperature measurement; training; uterine
   cervix cancer

---

UT 802
AR Beltrán-Escobar M, 2024, ALGORITHMS, V17, DOI 10.3390/a17110476
TI A Review on Resource-Constrained Embedded Vision Systems-Based Tiny Machine
   Learning for Robotic Applications
AU Beltrán-Escobar M; Alarcón TE; Rumbo-Morales JY; López S; Ortiz-Torres G;
   Sorcia-Vázquez FDJ
TC 10
SO ALGORITHMS
PY 2024
AB The evolution of low-cost embedded systems is growing exponentially;
   likewise, their use in robotics applications aims to achieve critical task
   execution by implementing sophisticated control and computer vision
   algorithms.  We review the state-of-the-art strategies available for Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) implementation to provide a complete overview
   using various existing embedded vision and control systems.  Our discussion
   divides the article into four critical aspects that high-cost and low-cost
   embedded systems must include to execute real-time control and image
   processing tasks, applying TinyML techniques: Hardware Architecture, Vision
   System, Power Consumption, and Embedded Software Platform development
   environment.  The advantages and disadvantages of the reviewed systems are
   presented.  Subsequently, the perspectives of them for the next ten years
   are present.  A basic TinyML implementation for embedded vision application
   using three low-cost embedded systems, Raspberry Pi Pico, ESP32, and Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE Sense, is presented for performance analysis.  © 2024 by the
   authors.
DE embedded-system; image processing; mobile robotic; tinyml
ID nanorobots; critical tasks; embedded visions; embedded-system; images
   processing; low-costs; machine learning; mobile robotic; robotics
   applications; tiny machine learning; vision systems; robot learning

---

UT 866
AR Liu Y-Y, 2024, PROC INT SYMP PERFORM COMPUT ARCH, P848, DOI
   10.1109/HPCA57654.2024.00070
TI TinyTS: Memory-Efficient TinyML Model Compiler Framework on Microcontrollers
AU Liu Y-Y; Zheng H-S; Fang Hu Y; Hsu C-F; Yeh TT
TC 10
SO PROC INT SYMP PERFORM COMPUT ARCH
PY 2024
AB Deploying deep neural network (DNN) models on Microcontroller Units (MCUs)
   is typically limited by the tightness of the SRAM memory budget.
   Previously, machine learning system frameworks often allocated tensor memory
   layer-wise, but this will result in out-of-memory exceptions when a DNN
   model includes a large tensor.  Patch-based inference, another past
   solution, reduces peak SRAM memory usage by dividing a tensor into small
   patches and storing one small patch at a time.  However, executing these
   overlapping small patches requires significantly more time to complete the
   inference and is undesirable for MCUs.  We resolve these problems by
   developing a novel DNN model compiler: TinyTS. In the TinyTS, our tensor
   partition method creates a tensor-splitting model that eliminates the
   redundant computation observed in the patch-based inference.  Furthermore,
   the TinyTS memory planner significantly reduces peak SRAM memory usage by
   releasing the memory space of unused split tensors for other ready split
   tensors early before the completion of the entire tensor.  Finally, TinyTS
   presents different optimization techniques to eliminate the metadata storage
   and runtime overhead when executing multiple fine-grained split tensors.
   Using the TensorFlow Lite for Microcontroller (TFLM) framework as a
   baseline, we tested the effectiveness of TinyTS. We found that TinyTS
   reduces the peak SRAM memory usage of 9 TinyML models up to 5.92X over the
   baseline.  TinyTS also achieves a geometric mean of 8.83X speedup over the
   patch-based inference.  In resolving the two key issues when deploying DNN
   models on MCUs, TinyTS substantially boosts memory usage efficiency for
   TinyML applications.  The source code of TinyTS can be obtained from
   https://github.com/nycu-caslab/TinyTS  © 2024 IEEE.
DE aiot; compiler; deep neural network; tinyml
ID budget control; controllers; deep neural networks; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; neural network models; program compilers; static random
   access storage; aiot; compiler; memory efficient; memory usage;
   microcontroller unit; model compiler; neural network model; patch based;
   small patches; tinyml; tensors

---

UT 546
AR Gao X, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21227, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3360444
TI Probabilistic Caching Strategy and TinyML-Based Trajectory Planning in UAV-
   Assisted Cellular IoT System
AU Gao X; Wang X/2; Qian Z
TC 9
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) deployed as an aerial assisted base station
   has the characteristics of flexibility and mobility.  As an effective way to
   reduce the communication pressure of network center, content edge caching
   combined with UAV-assisted network is a promising solution to release the
   surge of network data traffic pressure.  This article studies the
   probabilistic caching strategy in UAV-assisted Internet of Things system
   which supports device-to-device (D2D) communication and edge caching.
   First, a three-tier heterogeneous model, including user devices (UDs),
   ground small base stations (SBSs), and UAV, is proposed.  Considering the
   random characteristics of user movement and the interference characteristics
   between different nodes, the cache hit probability and successful
   transmission probability under different content transmission modes are
   derived by using stochastic geometry.  On this basis, the total offloading
   probability is derived.  The joint caching strategy of UD, SBS, and UAV is
   solved with the goal of maximizing cache hit probability and successful
   offloading probability, respectively.  For the mobile deployment of UAV,
   considering the limited computing resources and battery endurance of UAV, to
   enable the UAV to provide services to requesting UDs as soon as possible,
   this article first uses tiny machine learning (TinyML) to predict the
   requesting probability of UDs, and then designs a UAV path planning
   algorithm to cover all users with high-requesting probability in the
   shortest time.  Through simulation analysis, we compared the performance of
   the two proposed caching strategies and found that the strategy of
   maximizing successful offloading probability has more advantages.  © 2014
   IEEE.
DE device-to-device communication; edge caching; stochastic geometry; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml ); unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav )
ID antennas; base stations; geometry; internet of things; motion planning;
   probabilistic logics; reinforcement learning; stochastic systems; unmanned
   aerial vehicles ( uav ); vehicle to vehicle communications; aerial vehicle;
   caching strategy; device-to-device communications; edge caching; machine
   learning; stochastic geometry; tiny machine learning; unmanned aerial
   vehicle; user devices; random processes

---

UT 604
AR Baciu V-E, 2024, J SYST ARCH, V155, DOI 10.1016/j.sysarc.2024.103262
TI MLino bench: A comprehensive benchmarking tool for evaluating ML models on
   edge devices
AU Baciu V-E; Stiens J; Silva BD
TC 9
SO J SYST ARCH
PY 2024
AB In today's rapidly evolving technological landscape, Machine Learning (ML)
   has become an integral part of our daily lives, ranging from recommendation
   systems to advanced medical diagnostics and autonomous vehicles.  As ML
   continues to advance, its applications extend beyond conventional
   boundaries.  With the continuous refinement of the models and frameworks,
   the possibilities for leveraging these technologies into devices that
   traditionally lacked any form of computational autonomy are ever-expanding.
   This shift towards embedding ML capabilities directly into edge devices
   brings new challenges due to the stringent limitations these devices have in
   terms of memory, power consumption, and cost.  The ML models implemented on
   such devices must find an equilibrium between memory footprint and
   performance, attaining a classification time that fulfills real-time demands
   and maintains a similar level of accuracy as the desktop version.  Without
   automated assistance in managing these considerations, the complexity of
   evaluating multiple models can lead to suboptimal decisions.  In this paper,
   we introduce MLino Bench, an open-source benchmarking tool tailored for
   assessing lightweight ML models on edge devices with limited resources and
   capabilities.  The tool accommodates various models, frameworks, and
   platforms, presenting a meticulous design that enables a comprehensive
   evaluation directly on the target device.  It encompasses crucial metrics
   such as on-target accuracy, classification time, and model size, providing a
   versatile framework that assists practitioners in decision-making when
   deploying models to such devices.  The tool employs a fully streamlined
   benchmark flow involving training the ML model in a high-level interpreted
   language, porting, compiling, flashing, and finally benchmarking on the
   actual target.  Our experimental evaluation of the tool highlights its
   flexibility in assessing multiple ML models across different model
   hyperparameters, frameworks, datasets, and embedded platforms.  Furthermore,
   a distinctive advantage compared to state-of-the-art ML benchmarking tools
   is the inclusion of classical ML models, including Random Forests, Decision
   Trees, Support Vector Machines, Naive Bayes, and more.  This sets our tool
   apart from others that predominantly emphasize only neural network models.
   Due to this inclusive approach, our tool facilitates the evaluation of ML
   models across a broad spectrum of devices, ranging from resource-constrained
   edge devices to those with medium and advanced computational capabilities.
   © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
DE benchmarking; edge devices; embedded classifiers; embedded systems; machine
   learning; tinyml
ID benchmarking; decision trees; diagnosis; high level languages; learning
   systems; support vector machines; benchmarking tools; classification time;
   daily lives; edge device; embedded classifiers; embedded-system; integral
   part; machine learning models; machine learning; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 711
AR Ahmed ZE, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P423, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00023-3
TI TinyML network applications for smart cities
AU Ahmed ZE; Hashim AA; Saeed RA; Saeed MM
TC 9
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB As smart cities continue to evolve, the amount of data generated by sensors
   and devices has grown exponentially, making it challenging to analyze and
   process these data in real time.  TinyML offers a solution to this problem
   by enabling on-device machine learning that can analyze and process data
   locally, reducing latency and improving security.  By leveraging TinyML,
   smart city applications can become more efficient, sustainable, and
   effective in improving the quality of life for citizens.  In this chapter,
   we explore the potential of TinyML in enhancing various smart city domains,
   such as traffic management, energy efficiency, predictive maintenance, and
   environmental applications.  We also highlight real-world examples of TinyML
   applications in smart cities and the benefits they have provided.  Moreover,
   we discuss the challenges that need to be addressed when implementing TinyML
   in smart cities and the potential of emerging technologies that may impact
   the use of TinyML in the future.  By the end of this chapter, readers will
   have a better understanding of the potential of TinyML in enhancing smart
   cities and improving the quality of life for citizens.  © 2024 by Elsevier
   Inc.  All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI
   training, and similar technologies.
DE efficiency; machine learning; smart cities; sustainability; tinyml

---

UT 721
AR Andrade P, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3591356
TI Online Processing of Vehicular Data on the Edge Through an Unsupervised
   TinyML Regression Technique
AU Andrade P; Silva I; Diniz M; Flores T; Costa DG; Soares E
TC 9
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) has made it possible to include everyday
   objects in a connected network, allowing them to intelligently process data
   and respond to their environment.  Thus, it is expected that those objects
   will gain an intelligent understanding of their environment and be able to
   process data more efficiently than before.  Particularly, such edge
   computing paradigm has allowed the execution of inference methods on
   resource-constrained devices such as microcontrollers, significantly
   changing the way IoT applications have evolved in recent years.  However,
   although this scenario has supported the development of Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) approaches on such devices, there are still some
   challenges that require further investigation when optimizing data streaming
   on the edge.  Therefore, this article proposes a new unsupervised TinyML
   regression technique based on the typicality and eccentricity of the samples
   to be processed.  Moreover, the proposed technique also exploits a Recursive
   Least Squares (RLS) filter approach.  Combining all these features, the
   proposed method uses similarities between samples to identify patterns when
   processing data streams, predicting outcomes based on these patterns.  The
   results obtained through the extensive experimentation utilizing vehicular
   data streams were highly encouraging.  The proposed algorithm was
   meticulously compared with the RLS algorithm and Convolutional Neural
   Networks (CNN). It exhibited significantly superior performance, with mean
   squared errors that were 4.68 and 12.02 times lower, respectively, compared
   to the aforementioned techniques.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE eccentricity; regression; tinyml; typicality; unsupervised learning;
   vehicular networks
ID convolutional neural networks; data streams; e-learning; learning
   algorithms; machine learning; mean square error; regression analysis; data
   stream; eccentricity; machine learning; online processing; process data;
   regression; regression techniques; tiny machine learning; typicality;
   vehicular networks; internet of things

---

UT 794
AR Ancilotto A, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, P1, DOI 10.1145/3603173
TI XimSwap: Many-to-Many Face Swapping for TinyML
AU Ancilotto A; Paissan F; Farella E
TC 9
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB The unprecedented development of deep learning approaches for video
   processing has caused growing privacy concerns.  To ensure data analysis
   while maintaining privacy, it is essential to address how to protect
   individuals’ identities.  One solution is to anonymize data at the source,
   avoiding the transmission or storage of information that could lead to
   identification.  This study introduces XimSwap, a novel deep learning
   technique for real-time video anonymization, which can remove facial
   identification features directly on edge devices with minimal computational
   resources.  Our approach offers a comprehensive solution that guarantees
   privacy by design.  This novel method for implementing face-swapping ensures
   that the pose and expression of a target face remain unchanged and can be
   used on embedded devices with very limited computational resources.  By
   incorporating style transfer layers into convolutional ones and optimizing
   the network’s operation, we achieved a reduction of over 98% in the required
   operations and parameters compared with state-of-the-art architectures.  Our
   approach also significantly reduces RAM usage, making it possible to
   implement the anonymization process on tiny edge devices, including
   microcontrollers, such as the STM32H743. © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE edge ai; faceswap; neural networks; tinyml
ID deep learning; edge computing; learning systems; video signal processing;
   anonymization; computational resources; edge ai; face swapping; faceswap;
   learning approach; many to many; neural networks; tinyml; video processing;
   random access storage

---

UT 900
AR Gudiño-Ochoa A, 2024, BIOENG, V11, DOI 10.3390/bioengineering11111065
TI Enhanced Diabetes Detection and Blood Glucose Prediction Using TinyML-
   Integrated E-Nose and Breath Analysis: A Novel Approach Combining Synthetic
   and Real-World Data
AU Gudiño-Ochoa A; García-Rodríguez JA; Cuevas-Chávez JI; Ochoa-Ornelas R;
   Navarrete-Guzmán A; Vidrios-Serrano C; Sánchez-Arias DA
TC 9
SO BIOENG
PY 2024
AB Diabetes mellitus, a chronic condition affecting millions worldwide,
   necessitates continuous monitoring of blood glucose level (BGL). The
   increasing prevalence of diabetes has driven the development of non-invasive
   methods, such as electronic noses (e-noses), for analyzing exhaled breath
   and detecting biomarkers in volatile organic compounds (VOCs). Effective
   machine learning models require extensive patient data to ensure accurate
   BGL predictions, but previous studies have been limited by small sample
   sizes.  This study addresses this limitation by employing conditional
   generative adversarial networks (CTGAN) to generate synthetic data from
   real-world tests involving 29 healthy and 29 diabetic participants,
   resulting in over 14,000 new synthetic samples.  These data were used to
   validate machine learning models for diabetes detection and BGL prediction,
   integrated into a Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) e-nose system for real-time
   analysis.  The proposed models achieved an 86% accuracy in BGL
   identification using LightGBM (Light Gradient Boosting Machine) and a 94.14%
   accuracy in diabetes detection using Random Forest.  These results
   demonstrate the efficacy of enhancing machine learning models with both real
   and synthetic data, particularly in non-invasive systems integrating e-noses
   with TinyML. This study signifies a major advancement in non-invasive
   diabetes monitoring, underscoring the transformative potential of TinyML-
   powered e-nose systems in healthcare applications.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE blood glucose prediction; diabetes; electronic nose; exhaled breath
   analysis; machine learning; sensor array; tinyml

---

UT 950
AR Zhang T/2, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P20912, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3376529
TI Design of Tiny Contrastive Learning Network With Noise Tolerance for
   Unauthorized Device Identification in Internet of UAVs
AU Zhang T/2; Xu D; Alfarraj O; Yu K; Guizani M; Rodrigues JJPC
TC 9
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Artificial intelligence enhanced Internet of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs)
   is a promising network to achieve the complicated vehicular tasks and
   construct intelligent communication networks.  One of the critical tasks is
   to guarantee a secure network access while achieving tradeoff between
   accuracy and latency through lightweight deployment on resource-limited and
   hardware-constrained UAVs.  To address this issue, a novel noise-tolerant
   radio frequency fingerprinting (NT-RFF) based on tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) scheme is proposed, which amalgamates contrastive learning and data
   augmentation, aiming to improve the generalization ability of unauthorized
   device identification (UDI). Particularly, we first exploit the augmentation
   technique to enhance the legitimate training data sets under the
   circumstance of varying signal-to-noise ratios, facilitating an enhanced and
   diversified data sets.  Second, a synthesis of contrastive learning and
   supervised learning is employed to attain comprehensive global learning.  We
   design a new contrastive loss criteria to capture relevant information from
   the samples collected over the air.  Besides, we design a categorical cross-
   entropy loss criteria by which supervisory information can be leveraged from
   associated labels.  Finally, quantification is utilized to enhance model
   efficiency and achieve an optimal balance between accuracy and latency
   within computing and energy resource-limited UAVs.  Experimental results
   demonstrate that the proposed tiny NT-RFF which only contains about 25-30%
   quantitative parameters can maintain excellent performance and improve the
   UDI accuracy greatly compared with the traditional machine learning-based
   RFF schemes.  Moreover, the remarkable results showcase that our proposed
   framework attains a substantial increase in identification accuracy compared
   to the data augmentation and contrastive learning-based RFF and DASL-RFF
   methods, exhibiting improvements of 14.16% and 5.17%, respectively.  © 2014
   IEEE.
DE contrastive learning; data augmentation; tiny machine learning ( tinyml );
   unauthorized device identification ( udi ); unmanned aerial vehicles ( uavs
   )
ID antennas; economic and social effects; energy resources; job analysis;
   learning systems; object recognition; personnel training; signal to noise
   ratio; aerial vehicle; computational modeling; contrastive learning; data
   augmentation; features extraction; machine learning; objects recognition;
   security; task analysis; tiny machine learning; unauthorized device
   identification; unmanned aerial vehicle; internet of things

---

UT 992
AR Wu X/1, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P7322, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3417890
TI TinyML-Enabled Intelligent Question-Answer Services in IoT Edge Consumer
   Devices
AU Wu X/1; Lin X/1; Zhang Z/2; Chen C-M; Gadekallu TR; Kumari S; Kumar S/3
TC 9
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB Presently, the prevalence of large language models has driven the rapid
   popularization of question-and-answer applications.  However, the training
   and deployment of large language models involve high-resource computing,
   posing a challenge for many small or edge devices in the Internet of Things
   (IoT). Therefore, in the context of IoT edge consumer electronic devices,
   deploying question-and-answer models based on TinyML becomes more
   meaningful.  In this paper, we propose a tiny deep learning-based Question-
   Answer scheme to realize end-to-end dialog service by Machine Reading
   Comprehension.  In order to obtain semantic representation, we design and
   apply a pre-training model to generate the semantic embedding representation
   of questions and answers and propose a pre-training fine-tuning method based
   on the twin model.  In addition, we also introduce a compression method
   based on embedded representation and design a forward compression network
   and a cyclic compression network based on an encoder.  The experimental
   results show that our method is more accurate than state-of-the-art schemes.
   © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE intelligent question-answer service; iot edge consumer devices; tinyml
ID computational linguistics; deep learning; internet of things; job analysis;
   accuracy; adaptation models; biological system modeling; consumer devices;
   intelligent question-answer service; internet of thing edge consumer device;
   question answering; question answering ( information retrieval ); task
   analysis; tinyml; semantics

---

UT 551
AR Van Kempen P, 2024, PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT WORK SPEC SESS CF COMPANION,
   P75, DOI 10.1145/3637543.3652878
TI MuRISCV-NN: Challenging Zve32x Autovectorization with TinyML Inference
   Library for RISC-V Vector Extension
AU Van Kempen P; Jones JP; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Schlichtmann U
TC 8
SO PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT WORK SPEC SESS CF COMPANION
PY 2024
AB With the rapid adoption of deep learning workloads to resource-constrained
   edge devices, efficient and data-parallel computing paradigms are becoming
   increasingly important.  The RISC-V ISA provides a set of vector extensions
   featuring powerful data computation capabilities to accelerate deep learning
   workloads at the edge.  However, the RISC-V ecosystem lacks a lightweight,
   open-source, and vendor-agnostic compute library to support these extensions
   on embedded platforms.  After porting the existing ARM Cortex-M specific
   kernel implementation to the RISC-V vector ISA, we optimized the operator
   implementations to make the most out of the data-level parallelism provided
   by supported targets.  In comparison to programs vectorized by LLVM's built-
   in auto-vectorizer, we see an up to 60% advantage in runtime for
   convolutional models and large vectors while introducing less ROM overheads.
   Furthermore, muRISCV-NN integrates well with existing ML deployment
   frameworks, is bit-accurate to CMSIS-NN, and can, thus, be used as a drop-in
   replacement with minimal changes to the compilation flow.  © 2024
   Owner/Author.
DE compilers; neural network inference; risc-v; vectorization
ID deep learning; compiler; computing paradigm; data computation; data parallel
   computing; network inference; neural network inference; neural networks;
   open source; risc-v; vectorization; vectors

---

UT 575
AR Rub M, 2024, IEEE INT CONF IND CYBER-PHYS SYST ICPS, DOI
   10.1109/ICPS59941.2024.10639989
TI A Continual and Incremental Learning Approach for TinyML On-device Training
   Using Dataset Distillation and Model Size Adaption
AU Rub M; Tuchel P; Sikora A; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 8
SO IEEE INT CONF IND CYBER-PHYS SYST ICPS
PY 2024
AB A new algorithm for incremental learning in the context of Tiny Machine
   learning (TinyML) is presented, which is optimized for low-performance and
   energy efficient embedded devices.  TinyML is an emerging field that deploys
   machine learning models on resource-constrained devices such as
   microcontrollers, enabling intelligent applications like voice recognition,
   anomaly detection, predictive maintenance, and sensor data processing in
   environments where traditional machine learning models are not feasible.
   The algorithm solve the challenge of catastrophic forgetting through the use
   of knowledge distillation to create a small, distilled dataset.  The novelty
   of the method is that the size of the model can be adjusted dynamically, so
   that the complexity of the model can be adapted to the requirements of the
   task.  This offers a solution for incremental learning in resource-
   constrained environments, where both model size and computational efficiency
   are critical factors.  Results show that the proposed algorithm offers a
   promising approach for TinyML incremental learning on embedded devices.  The
   algorithm was tested on five datasets including: CIFAR10, MNIST, CORE50,
   HAR, Speech Commands.  The findings indicated that, despite using only 43%
   of Floating Point Operations (FLOPs) compared to a larger fixed model, the
   algorithm experienced a negligible accuracy loss of just 1%. In addition,
   the presented method is memory efficient.  While state-of-the-art
   incremental learning is usually very memory intensive, the method requires
   only 1% of the original data set.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge ai; efficient training; embedded ai; neural networks
ID contrastive learning; federated learning; continual learning; edge ai;
   efficient training; embedded ai; embedded device; incremental learning;
   machine learning models; machine learning; model size; neural networks;
   adversarial machine learning

---

UT 734
AR Medeiros M, 2024, IEEE CONF EVOL ADAPT INTELL SYST, DOI
   10.1109/EAIS58494.2024.10570025
TI A Multi-Layered Methodology for Driver Behavior Analysis Using TinyML and
   Edge Computing
AU Medeiros M; Flores T; Silva M; Silva I
TC 8
SO IEEE CONF EVOL ADAPT INTELL SYST
PY 2024
AB The rapid increase in vehicular sensor data and advances in Internet of
   Things (IoT) technologies pose a dual challenge and opportunity for real-
   Time traffic management and driver behavior analysis in the domain of
   Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS). The current gap lies in
   effectively processing this data at the network edge, which is critical for
   timely and efficient decision-making in ITS. Our study proposes a novel,
   multi-layered, stream-oriented data processing methodology specifically
   designed for edge computing environments to address this challenge.  This
   approach integrates soft sensors, the Typicality and Eccentricity Data
   Analytics (TEDA) framework, and an incremental clustering algorithm to
   detect and classify driver behavior patterns.  The emphasis on using low-
   energy hardware and TinyML techniques is crucial, aiming to optimize
   processing efficiency while minimizing the environmental impact.  To
   substantiate the efficacy of our methodology, we conducted a practical case
   study in Natal-RN, Brazil, utilizing the Freematics One + OBD-II
   microcontroller device for real-world application and validation.  This
   involved two participants and focused on real-Time data analysis for driver
   profile detection.  The preliminary results demonstrate a significant
   potential of our approach in accurately classifying driving behaviors and
   patterns, offering insights for enhancing vehicle efficiency and reducing
   fuel consumption.  This study fills a critical gap in ITS. It sets the stage
   for future research in sustainable and adaptive transportation systems,
   leveraging the power of edge computing and incremental algorithms in real-
   Time data stream processing.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE driver behavior analysis; edge computing; intelligent transportation
   systems; iot sensor data; tinyml techniques
ID behavioral research; clustering algorithms; data analytics; decision making;
   environmental impact; information management; intelligent systems;
   intelligent vehicle highway systems; internet of things; real-time systems;
   driver behavior analysis; edge computing; intelligent transportation
   systems; internet of thing sensor data; internet of things technologies;
   multi-layered; real-time traffic; sensors data; tinyml technique; traffic
   management; edge computing

---

UT 735
AR Chaudhari BS, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P1, DOI
   10.1016/C2023-0-00166-2
TI TinyML for Edge Intelligence in IoT and LPWAN Networks
AU Chaudhari BS; Ghorpade SN; Zennaro M; Paškauskas R
TC 8
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB TinyML for Edge Intelligence in IoT and LPWAN Networks presents the
   evolution, developments, and advances in TinyML as applied to the Internet
   of Things (IoT) and low-power wide area networks (LPWANs). It starts by
   providing the foundations of IoT/LPWANs, low-power embedded systems and
   hardware, the role of AI and machine learning in communication networks in
   general, and cloud/edge intelligence.  It then presents the concepts,
   methods, algorithms, and tools of TinyML. Practical applications of TinyML
   are given from the healthcare and industrial sectors, providing practical
   guidance on the design of applications and the selection of appropriate
   technologies.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those
   for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
ID artificial intelligence; data mining; embedded systems; internet of things;
   learning systems; communications networks; edge intelligence; embedded
   hardware; healthcare sectors; industrial sector; low power; low power
   embedded systems; machine learning; practical guidance; wide area networks;
   low power electronics

---

UT 779
AR Jaiswal D, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P166, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502631
TI TinyStressNet: On-device Stress Assessment with Wearable Sensors on Edge
   Devices
AU Jaiswal D; Mukhopadhyay S/1; Sharma V
TC 8
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB Wearable sensor-based stress detection is a well-explored area of research
   in the domain of Affective Computing and can be performed with the help of
   non-invasive sensing modalities like Electrodermal Activity (EDA). The EDA
   sensors with a wearable form factor are commonly available on commercial
   off-the-shelf devices.  In recent years, with the increased availability of
   such wearable devices to end-users, these applications have become more
   pervasive and thus require a greater level of optimization for continuous
   usage on resource-constrained and battery-powered devices.  While several
   research works have focused on designing Machine Learning and Deep Learning
   models for these tasks, very few focus on the resource footprint of these
   models.  The balance between classification accuracy and computational
   resources is difficult to achieve with a manual design process and takes a
   long time.  This is where Automation plays a key role.  In this work, we
   explore the applicability of Automation Techniques such as Neural
   Architecture Search (NAS), to create tiny Stress Detection models suitable
   for round-the-clock inference, with minimal resource requirements, and low
   latency to perform in real-time, and show the trade-off between the various
   metrics on four publicly available datasets combined, and achieve an
   accuracy of 85.98% with a model size of 49.40 kB, which is comparable to the
   state-of-the-art counterparts.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE affective computing; edge devices; neural architecture search; stress
   detection; tinyml; wearable sensing
ID constrained optimization; deep learning; economic and social effects;
   learning systems; stresses; affective computing; edge device; electrodermal
   activity; neural architecture search; neural architectures; non-invasive
   sensing; stress assessment; stress detection; tinyml; wearable sensing;
   wearable sensors

---

UT 787
AR Kalyanakumar P, 2024, INT CONF INVEN COMPUT TECHNOL ICICT, P1226, DOI
   10.1109/ICICT60155.2024.10544922
TI Harnessing Bio-Inspired Optimization and Swarm Intelligence for Energy-Aware
   TinyML in IoT
AU Kalyanakumar P; Pandian SS; Boopalan S; Jesintha DK; Krishnan RS; Muthu AE
TC 8
SO INT CONF INVEN COMPUT TECHNOL ICICT
PY 2024
AB This research investigates the integration of bio-inspired optimization and
   swarm intelligence principles with TinyML for the development of energy-
   aware Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  A novel model algorithm, termed
   "BioSwarmML,"is introduced and evaluated against existing algorithms through
   comprehensive simulation analyses employing suitable metrics.  The proposed
   framework aims to enhance energy efficiency in IoT applications by
   leveraging the collective intelligence derived from bio-inspired
   optimization and swarm behaviors.  The "BioSwarmML"algorithm is designed to
   draw inspiration from natural processes, incorporating bio-inspired
   optimization techniques such as genetic algorithms, simulated annealing, and
   evolutionary strategies.  Concurrently, swarm intelligence principles are
   integrated to emulate decentralized and self-organizing behaviors observed
   in biological systems.  This amalgamation aims to optimize the energy
   consumption of TinyML models on IoT devices, facilitating sustainable and
   adaptive learning processes.  Simulation analyses involve a comparative
   study with established algorithms, evaluating BioSwarmML based on metrics
   such as energy consumption, accuracy, and latency.  The results demonstrate
   the efficacy of the proposed algorithm in achieving superior energy
   efficiency while maintaining competitive performance in terms of accuracy
   and responsiveness.  The comparison sheds light on the advantages of
   BioSwarmML in energy-aware TinyML applications, showcasing its potential for
   widespread adoption in IoT ecosystems.  This research contributes to the
   advancement of energy-efficient IoT systems by introducing a novel
   algorithmic paradigm that aligns with international journal standards.  The
   proposed "BioSwarmML"model showcases a promising avenue for enhancing
   sustainability in TinyML-driven IoT applications, offering a valuable
   addition to the existing body of knowledge in the field.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE energy-awareness; internet of things; optimization; swarm intelligence; tiny
   machine learning
ID biomimetics; energy efficiency; energy utilization; genetic algorithms;
   learning systems; machine learning; particle swarm optimization ( pso );
   power management; simulated annealing; swarm intelligence; bio-inspired
   optimizations; collective intelligences; energy aware; energy-awareness;
   energy-consumption; machine learning; model algorithms; optimizations;
   simulation analysis; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 790
AR Garavagno AM, 2024, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE59016.2024.10444268
TI Running hardware-Aware neural architecture search on embedded devices under
   512MB of RAM
AU Garavagno AM; Ragusa E/1; Frisoli A; Gastaldo P
TC 8
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB This document proposes a novel approach to hardware-Aware neural
   architecture search (HW NAS) that considers the resources available on the
   computing platform running it, enabling its execution on various embedded
   devices.  The presented HW NAS produces tiny convolutional neural networks
   (CNNs) targeting low-end microcontroller units (MCUs), typically involved in
   the Internet of Things (IoT) or wearable robotics, opening new use cases.  A
   gateway could run it to tailor CNNs' architecture on the acquired data
   without using external servers, ensuring privacy.  The proposed technique
   achieves state-of-The-Art results in the human-recognition tasks on the
   Visual Wake Word dataset, a standard TinyML benchmark, on several embedded
   devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE hardware-aware neural architecture search; internet of things; tinyml;
   wearable robotics
ID convolutional neural networks; gateways ( computer networks ); network
   architecture; robotics; wearable technology; computing platform;
   convolutional neural network; embedded device; hardware-aware neural
   architecture search; microcontroller unit; neural architectures; neural
   network architecture; state of the art; tinyml; wearable robotics; internet
   of things

---

UT 835
AR Arcot S, 2024, PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIGDATA, P5542, DOI
   10.1109/BigData62323.2024.10825955
TI TinyML for Cybersecurity: Deploying Optimized Deep Learning Models for On-
   Device Threat Detection on Resource-Constrained Devices
AU Arcot S; Masum M; Kader MS; Saha A; Chowdhury M
TC 8
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIGDATA
PY 2024
AB Edge devices, which are integral to IoT ecosystems, are highly vulnerable to
   cyberattacks due to their limited computing power, storage, and network
   capacity.  Traditionally, machine learning solutions based on CPUs, GPUs,
   and cloud infrastructure have mitigated such risks, but latency remains a
   significant challenge, allowing threats to cause damage before they can be
   detected.  To address this, we explore the potential of Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) to optimize models for low-powered, resource-constrained
   devices.  Using TensorFlow Lite, we conducted experiments with deep learning
   models on edge devices, providing comparative results on their feasibility
   regarding security and privacy, without relying on cloud infrastructure.
   Our experiments on the USTC-TFC2016 and Ransomware PCAP datasets demonstrate
   the impact of various quantization techniques on accuracy, model size, and
   inference time.  Quantization techniques demonstrated significant trade-offs
   between accuracy, model size, and inference time.  While dynamic and static
   float16 quantization balanced performance on the USTC-TFC2016 dataset,
   preserving 85.67% accuracy and halving DenseNet169's size, QAT boosted
   accuracy to 94.90% with slower inference times.  Static int8 achieved the
   smallest size, shrinking models to 12.46 MB, but accuracy dropped sharply.
   For the Ransomware dataset, static float16 kept accuracy at 38.89% while
   cutting DenseNet169's size to 23.99 MB. Dynamic quantization delivered the
   fastest inference, reducing MobileNetV2's time to 0.001049 seconds.  QAT
   preserved accuracy at 36.11% for DenseNet121, while static int8 compressed
   models to just 2.59 MB, but with significant accuracy loss.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cybersecurity; deep learning models; edge computing; quantization
   techniques; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; mobile edge computing; cloud infrastructures; cyber
   security; deep learning model; edge computing; learning models; machine
   learning; quantization; quantization technique; resource-constrained
   devices; tiny machine learning; deep learning

---

UT 841
AR Patil RY, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P311, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00018-X
TI Securing TinyML in a connected world
AU Patil RY; Bhamare M; Patil YH; Bannore A
TC 8
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB The revolutionary potential of TinyML technology lies in its ability to
   facilitate new uses in fields like healthcare, industrial automation, and
   agriculture.  TinyML devices are becoming increasingly popular in the
   Internet of Things; however, there is a growing concern for protecting
   users' privacy and security.  An extensive analysis of the security issues
   and potential solutions for TinyML devices in a networked environment is
   presented in this work.  The chapter begins with an introduction to TinyML,
   its uses, and the advantages and disadvantages of utilizing TinyML in the
   modern, interconnected world.  We then examine the security vulnerabilities
   of TinyML devices, such as adversarial attacks, malware attacks, privacy
   concerns, and supply chain attacks.  The effects on TinyML devices and
   countermeasures are discussed for each proposed threat model.  TinyML's
   existing encryption, authentication, access control, and intrusion detection
   methods are also discussed in this chapter.  We evaluate the benefits and
   drawbacks of these methods and make suggestions for further study in the
   area of TinyML security.  The chapter concludes with an examination of
   future TinyML security issues and prospects.  The work stresses the
   importance of researchers, practitioners, and policy-makers working together
   to build robust security solutions for TinyML devices.  The proposed work
   makes a significant contribution to the field of TinyML security by
   emphasizing the significance of security and privacy in a digitally
   intertwined world and outlining a course of action for further research and
   development in this area.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved,
   including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar
   technologies.
DE challenges; privacy issues; security; tinyml

---

UT 876
AR Zhou S/1, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P29728, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3405356
TI Multidimensional Edge Perception Model for Rail Vehicle Operational States
   Based on Artificial Intelligence of Things
AU Zhou S/1; Guo T; Luan X; Li Y/6
TC 8
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB In the domain of prognostics and health management (PHM) for intelligent
   rail vehicles, real-time multidimensional perception is crucial for vehicle
   monitoring.  However, achieving such a perception of low-cost,
   computationally limited Internet of Things (IoT) devices presents a
   significant challenge.  Given the lack of effective IoT multidimensional
   perception models and the surging demand for PHM data analytics, this study
   proposes a noninvasive multidimensional Artificial Intelligence of Things
   (AIoT) perception model to improve vehicle performance and predictive
   maintenance.  The model uses the tiny machine learning approach to deploy a
   lightweight model on the edge devices of rail vehicles, which intelligently
   recognizes the vehicle operational states in real-time by monitoring
   multidimensional data, such as acceleration and tilt angle, and transmits
   the resulting data to the IoT cloud for fusion and classification
   statistics.  Experiments conducted in a metro environment show that the
   model can recognize nine complex operational states in both real-time and
   offline modes with an accuracy rate of more than 97%, which is significantly
   better than the traditional multilayer perceptron (MLP) model.  The model's
   two-axis recognition outperforms single-axis and three-axis methods and
   exhibits strong robustness under vibration conditions.  Its versatility
   allows extension to different sensors and fault state detection and can be
   applied to intelligent condition monitoring in various transportation and
   machinery systems.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence of things ( aiot ); multilayer perceptron ( mlp );
   operational states; prognostic and health management ( phm ); rail vehicle;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID acceleration; condition based maintenance; condition monitoring; information
   management; interactive computer systems; internet of things; learning
   systems; locomotives; multilayers; railroad transportation; vehicle
   performance; artificial intelligence of thing; computational modeling;
   machine learning; multilayer perceptron; multilayers perceptrons;
   operational state; prognostic and health management; rail vehicles; real-
   time system; tiny machine learning; real-time systems

---

UT 877
AR Khalil I, 2024, J SUPERCOMPUT, V80, P26308, DOI 10.1007/s11227-024-06452-8
TI Lightweight U-Net based on depthwise separable convolution for cloud
   detection onboard nanosatellite
AU Khalil I; Chanoui MA; Ismaili ZEAA; Guennoun Z; Addaim A; Sbihi M
TC 8
SO J SUPERCOMPUT
PY 2024
AB The typical procedure for Earth Observation Nanosatellites involves the
   sequential steps of image capture, onboard storage, and subsequent
   transmission to the ground station.  This approach places significant
   demands on onboard resources and encounters bandwidth limitations; moreover,
   the captured images may be obstructed by cloud cover.  Many current deep-
   learning methods have achieved reasonable accuracy in cloud detection.
   However, the constraints posed by nanosatellites specifically in terms of
   memory and energy present challenges for effective onboard Artificial
   Intelligence implementation.  Hence, we propose an optimized tiny Machine
   learning model based on the U-Net architecture, implemented on STM32H7
   microcontroller for real-time cloud coverage prediction.  The optimized
   U-Net architecture on the embedded device introduces Depthwise Separable
   Convolution for efficient feature extraction, reducing computational
   complexity.  By utilizing this method, coupled with encoder and decoder
   blocks, the model optimizes cloud detection for nanosatellites, showcasing a
   significant advancement in resource-efficient onboard processing.  This
   approach aims to enhance the university nanosatellite mission, equipped with
   an RGB Gecko imager camera.  The model is trained on Sentinel 2 satellite
   images due to the unavailability of a large dataset for the payload imager
   and is subsequently evaluated on gecko images, demonstrating the
   generalizability of our approach.  The outcome of our optimization approach
   is a 21% reduction in network parameters compared to the original
   configuration and maintaining an accuracy of 89%. This reduction enables the
   system to allocate only 61.89 KB in flash memory effectively, resulting in
   improvements in memory usage and computational efficiency.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of
   Springer Nature 2024.
DE cloud detection; convolution neural network; depthwise separable
   convolution; nanosatellite; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; deep learning; image enhancement; satellite
   imagery; tropics; % reductions; cloud detection; convolution neural network;
   depthwise separable convolution; earth observations; ground stations; image
   captures; nanosatellite; net architecture; tinyml; nanosatellites

---

UT 905
AR Cong DL, 2024, INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB, P339, DOI
   10.1109/ATiGB63471.2024.10717707
TI Continuous Wearable-based Fall Detection using Tiny Machine Learning
AU Cong DL; Quang BN; Minh DT; Cao DT; Ngoc MN
TC 8
SO INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB
PY 2024
AB Falls among the elderly pose a significant threat to their health, causing
   physical trauma, psychological issues, and increasing healthcare costs.
   This paper presents a wearablebased fall detection system (WFDS) that
   utilizes Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) techniques.  The system employs
   wearable sensors that offer greater mobility, easier installation, and
   broader coverage than ambient sensors.  The proposed system was designed to
   provide a practical and cost-effective fall detection solution.  The
   system's core is a fall detection algorithm employing TinyML to deploy
   machine learning models on resource-limited devices.  The WFDS utilizes a 50
   Hz 3 -axis IMU and a TinyML model to process and detect falls.  Developed
   with the SisFall dataset and evaluated using KFall and self-collected
   datasets, the quantized model measures 9,623 bytes and detects falls with
   over 97.8 % sensitivity for SisFall and 97.4% for selfcollected data.  The
   usage of a TinyML fall detection system on an ESP32-S3 MCU in conjunction
   with an MPU6050 sensor allows for real-time, continuous monitoring with an
   inference time of 14 milliseconds per 2000 milliseconds of data.  This
   demonstrates the significant potential of TinyML in wearable fall detection
   systems to mitigate the severe consequences of geriatric falls by enabling
   timely intervention and reducing fallrelated morbidity and mortality.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE continuous monitoring; embedded-system; fall detection; machine learning;
   tinyml; wearable sensor
ID health risks; wearable sensors; ambient sensors; continuous monitoring;
   detection system; embedded-system; fall detection; healthcare costs; machine
   learning models; machine learning techniques; machine learning; tinyml; fall
   detection

---

UT 909
AR Zheng T, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P21158, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3361452
TI Enhancing TinyML-Based Container Escape Detectors with Systemcall Semantic
   Association in UAVs Networks
AU Zheng T; Qiu Y; Zheng Y/3; Wang Q/3; Chen X
TC 8
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB The adoption of lightweight container technology enables the cross-
   architecture deployment of tiny machine learning (TinyML) models, while the
   implementation of container escape detectors ensures the security of both
   models and applications.  However, a significant challenge faced by TinyML-
   based detectors is model aging, which leads to a substantial decline in
   their effectiveness as attack patterns evolve.  Most existing approaches
   address this issue by retraining models through the labeling of new samples.
   However, this process can be costly and challenging to implement for
   updating models in resource-constrained UAVs networks.  In this article, we
   begin by analyzing the correlation of threat data and observe that
   throughout evolution, different versions of container escape attacks tend to
   maintain semantically identical or similar system calls.  This observation
   prompts us to approach the model aging problem from a novel perspective: if
   the model can acquire knowledge of these fundamental system calls, it will
   be capable of effectively detecting emerging new attacks.  Based on this
   perspective, we have developed sysE to capture system call data that remains
   unchanged or exhibits similarities to container escape attacks during
   evolution.  This augmentation complements six TinyML-based detectors.
   Experimental results obtained from a large-scale evolving data set
   demonstrate that our proposed approach effectively mitigates the aging rate
   of these models, reducing it from 7.3% to 21.5%. Additionally, it
   significantly decreases the labeling effort required from 28.06% to 65.47%.
   © 2014 IEEE.
DE container escape; model aging; systemcall association; tinyml-based detector
ID biological systems; large datasets; semantics; biological system modeling;
   container escape; labelings; machine learning; model aging; security;
   semantic associations; system calls; systemcall association; tiny machine
   learning-based detector; containers

---

UT 945
AR Paissan F, 2024, IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK, P2172,
   DOI 10.1109/CVPRW63382.2024.00222
TI Structured Sparse Back-propagation for Lightweight On-Device Continual
   Learning on Microcontroller Units
AU Paissan F; Nadalini D; Rusci M; Ancilotto A; Conti F; Benini L; Farella E
TC 8
SO IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK
PY 2024
AB With many devices deployed at the extreme edge in dynamic environments, the
   ability to learn continually on-device is a fast emerging trend for ultra-
   low-power Microcontrollers (MCUs). The key challenge in enabling Continual
   Learning (CL) on highly constrained MCUs is to curtail memory and
   computational requirements.  This paper proposes a novel CL strategy based
   on sparse weight updates coupled with Latent Replay.  We reduce the latency
   and memory requirements of the backpropagation algorithm by computing
   structured sparse update tensors for the trainable parameters, retaining
   only partial activations during the forward pass and limiting the per-layer
   gradient computation to a subset of channels.  When applied to lightweight
   Deep Neural Network (DNN) models for image classification, namely PhiNet and
   MobileNetV2, our method can reduce up to 1.3 × the memory and computation
   costs of the backpropagation algorithm, with a minor accuracy drop (2%).
   Furthermore, we evaluate the accuracy-latency-memory trade-off, targeting a
   class-incremental CL setup on a RISC-V multi-core MCU. The proposed approach
   allows to learn on-device a new class-incremental task, composed of two
   unseen classes, in 18min with 4.63 MB considering the most demanding
   configuration, i.e., a MobileNetV2 trained on the CORe50 dataset.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE continual learning; on-device continual learning; on-device learning; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; multilayer neural networks; back propagation;
   continual learning; dynamic environments; learn+; memory requirements;
   microcontroller unit; on-device continual learning; on-device learning;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 968
AR Alajlan NN, 2024, J AUT INTELL, V7, DOI 10.32629/jai.v7i4.1186
TI TinyML: Adopting tiny machine learning in smart cities
AU Alajlan NN; Ibrahim DM
TC 8
SO J AUT INTELL
PY 2024
AB Since Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a quickly evolving subject, it is
   crucial that internet of things (IoT) devices be able to communicate with
   one another for the sake of stability and future development.  TinyML is a
   rapidly growing subfield at the intersection of computer science, software
   engineering, and machine learning.  Building deep learning (DL) networks
   that are a few hundred KBs in size has been the focus of recent research in
   this area.  Deploying TinyML into small devices makes them smart.  Reduced
   computation, power usage, and response time are just a few of the many
   advantages of TinyML. In this work, we provide an introduction to TinyML and
   demonstrate its benefits and architecture.  Then, we investigate the meaning
   of quantization as a standard compression method for TinyML-related
   applications.  There are two methods used to obtain the quantized weights of
   the deep learning models are quantization-aware training (QAT) and post-
   training quantization (PTQ), we described them in details.  Next, TinyML-
   based solutions to improve the role of IoT devices in Smart Cities are
   highlighted as: lightweight training of deep learning models, inference of
   lightweight deep learning models in IoT devices, low power consumption, and
   inference of deep learning models in restricted resources of IoT devices.
   Finally, presenting some use cases for TinyML studies, with these studies
   applied to several cases in a variety of fields.  To the best of the
   author’s knowledge, few studies have investigated TinyML as it is an
   emerging field.  © 2024 by author(s).
DE deep learning smart city; internet of things; quantization; tinyml machine
   learning

---

UT 975
AR Zanghieri M, 2024, IEEE TRANS BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST, V18, P810, DOI
   10.1109/TBCAS.2024.3415392
TI sEMG-Driven Hand Dynamics Estimation With Incremental Online Learning on a
   Parallel Ultra-Low-Power Microcontroller
AU Zanghieri M; Rapa PM/1; Orlandi M; Donati E; Benini L; Benatti S
TC 8
SO IEEE TRANS BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB Surface electromyography (sEMG) is a State-of-the-Art (SoA) sensing modality
   for non-invasive human-machine interfaces for consumer, industrial, and
   rehabilitation use cases.  The main limitation of the current sEMG-driven
   control policies is the sEMG's inherent variability, especially cross-
   session due to sensor repositioning; this limits the generalization of the
   Machine/Deep Learning (ML/DL) in charge of the signal-to-command mapping.
   The other hot front on the ML/DL side of sEMG-driven control is the shift
   from the classification of fixed hand positions to the regression of hand
   kinematics and dynamics, promising a more versatile and fluid control.  We
   present an incremental online-training strategy for sEMG-based estimation of
   simultaneous multi-finger forces, using a small Temporal Convolutional
   Network suitable for embedded learning-on-device.  We validate our method on
   the HYSER dataset, cross-day.  Our incremental online training reaches a
   cross-day Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of (9.58 ± 3.89)% of the Maximum
   Voluntary Contraction on HYSER's RANDOM dataset of improvised, non-
   predefined force sequences, which is the most challenging and closest to
   real scenarios.  This MAE is on par with an accuracy-oriented, non-
   embeddable offline training exploiting more epochs.  Further, we demonstrate
   that our online training approach can be deployed on the GAP9 ultra-low
   power microcontroller, obtaining a latency of 1.49 ms and an energy draw of
   just 40.4 uJ per forward-backward-update step.  These results show that our
   solution fits the requirements for accurate and real-time incremental
   training-on-device.  © 2007-2012 IEEE.
DE continual learning; deep learning; electromyography; embedded; human machine
   interaction; human machine interfaces; incremental learning; low power;
   machine learning; microcontroller; on-device learning; online learning;
   parallel computing; prosthetics; pulp; real-time; regression; temporal
   convolutional networks; tinyml; training-on-device; ultra-low power
ID adult; biomechanical phenomena; deep learning; electromyography; female;
   hand; humans; machine learning; male; signal processing computer-assisted;
   brain computer interface; computing power; controllers; convolution; deep
   learning; e-learning; interface states; accuracy; adaptation models;
   continual learning; convolutional networks; deep learning; embedded; force;
   human machine interaction; human machine interface; incremental learning;
   low power; machine learning; on-device learning; online learning; parallel
   com- puting; real- time; regression; temporal convolutional network; tinyml;
   training-on-device; ultra-low power; adult; biomechanics; deep learning;
   electromyography; female; hand; human; machine learning; male; physiology;
   signal processing; microcontrollers

---

UT 564
AR Shabir MY, 2024, INTERNET THINGS, VPart F1719, P121, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-42194-5_7
TI Toward Secure TinyML on a Standardized AI Architecture
AU Shabir MY; Torta G; Basso A; Damiani F
TC 7
SO INTERNET THINGS
PY 2024
AB Recently, ML tasks that have been traditionally associated with high-
   performance CPUs and GPUs have started to be performed also on highly
   constrained devices at the far edge.  This shift toward the devices, often
   named TinyML, has many well-recognized advantages such as lower bandwidth
   requirements and energy consumption, cheaper prices, increased privacy, and
   scalability.  However, it also poses serious challenges: first of all, it
   requires handling even complex ML tasks with microcontrollers (MCUs)
   equipped with small memories, low-performance processors, and limited power
   supply; moreover, TinyML has to face the additional security threats that
   can specifically affect small devices, which usually have to rely on less
   support from the hardware and the OS to implement security, and once
   deployed in the field, can be exposed to physical threats.  A first
   contribution of this work is to provide a thorough review of related
   literature to help delineate the state of the art and classify existing
   approaches based on their scope, goals, and employed technical solutions.  A
   second contribution is to delineate a research program to advance such state
   of the art, with a special focus on secure and energy-efficient ML
   applications, in the context of a standardized component-based architecture
   recently proposed by the MPAI organization, which applies in particular to
   far edge AI applications.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE ai interoperability; cooperative intelligence; distributed ai applications;
   edge ai; intellectual property protection; iot; microcontrollers; mpai;
   tinyml; trusted execution environments
ID application programs; artificial intelligence; energy efficiency; energy
   utilization; green computing; internet of things; interoperability; program
   processors; ai applications; ai interoperability; cooperative intelligence;
   distributed ai; distributed ai application; edge ai; intellectual property
   protection; iot; mpai; tinyml; trusted execution environments;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 579
AR Su K, 2024, IMAGE VIS COMPUT, V147, DOI 10.1016/j.imavis.2024.105095
TI YOLIC: An efficient method for object localization and classification on
   edge devices
AU Su K; Tomioka Y; Zhao Q; Liu Y/3
TC 7
SO IMAGE VIS COMPUT
PY 2024
AB In the realm of Tiny AI, we introduce “You Only Look at Interested Cells”
   (YOLIC), an efficient method for object localization and classification on
   edge devices.  Through seamlessly blending the strengths of semantic
   segmentation and object detection, YOLIC provides improved computational
   efficiency and precision compared to traditional methods.  By adopting Cells
   of Interest for classification instead of individual pixels, YOLIC
   encapsulates relevant information, reduces computational load, and enables
   rough object shape inference.  Importantly, the need for bounding box
   regression is obviated, as YOLIC capitalizes on the predetermined cell
   configuration that provides information about potential object location,
   size, and shape.  To tackle the issue of single-label classification
   limitations, a multi-label classification approach is applied to each cell
   for effectively recognizing overlapping or closely situated objects.  This
   paper presents extensive experiments on multiple datasets to demonstrate
   that YOLIC achieves detection performance comparable to the state-of-the-art
   YOLO algorithms while surpassing in speed, exceeding 30fps on a Raspberry Pi
   4B CPU. © 2023
DE cell-wise segmentation; object localization and classification; real-time
   detection; tiny ai
ID blending; classification ( of information ); computational efficiency;
   cytology; image segmentation; object detection; object recognition;
   semantics; signal detection; cell-wise segmentation; computational loads;
   object classification; object localization; object shape; objects detection;
   real-time detection; semantic objects; semantic segmentation; tiny ai; cells

---

UT 580
AR Siddique T, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P25372, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3362346
TI Physics-Enhanced TinyML for Real- Time Detection of Ground Magnetic
   Anomalies
AU Siddique T; Mahmud MS
TC 7
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Space weather phenomena like geomagnetic disturbances (GMDs) and
   geomagnetically induced currents (GICs) pose significant risks to critical
   technological infrastructure.  While traditional predictive models, grounded
   in simulation, hold theoretical robustness, they grapple with challenges,
   notably the assimilation of imprecise data and extensive computational
   complexities.  In recent years, Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) has been
   adopted to develop Machine Learning (ML)-enabled magnetometer systems for
   predicting real-time terrestrial magnetic perturbations as a proxy measure
   for GIC. While TinyML offers efficient, real-time data processing, its
   intrinsic limitations prevent the utilization of robust methods with high
   computational needs.  This paper developed a physics-guided TinyML framework
   to address the above challenges.  This framework integrates physics-based
   regularization at the stages of model training and compression, thereby
   augmenting the reliability of predictions.  The developed pruning scheme
   within the framework harnesses the inherent physical characteristics of the
   domain, striking a balance between model size and robustness.  The study
   presents empirical results, drawing a comprehensive comparison between the
   accuracy and reliability of the developed framework and its traditional
   counterpart.  Such a comparative analysis underscores the prospective
   applicability of the developed framework in conceptualizing robust, ML-
   enabled magnetometer systems for real-time space weather forecasting.  ©
   2013 IEEE.
DE embedded machine learning; geomagnetically induced current ( gic ); machine
   learning; magnetometer; physics-guided machine learning; space weather;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; data handling; embedded systems; geomagnetism;
   interactive computer systems; learning systems; magnetometers;
   magnetosphere; weather forecasting; computational modeling; embedded machine
   learning; embedded machines; embedded-system; geomagnetically induced
   current; geomagnetically induced currents; machine learning; physic-guided
   machine learning; predictive models; real-time system; space weather; tiny
   machine learning; real-time systems

---

UT 590
AR Pereira EAM, 2024, SUSTAIN COMPUT INFORMATICS SYST, V43, DOI
   10.1016/j.suscom.2024.101010
TI An energy efficient TinyML model for a water potability classification
   problem
AU Pereira EAM; da Silva Santos JF; de Andrade Barboza E
TC 7
SO SUSTAIN COMPUT INFORMATICS SYST
PY 2024
AB Safe drinking water is an essential resource and a fundamental human right,
   but its access continues beyond billions of people, posing numerous health
   risks.  A key obstacle in monitoring water quality is managing and analyzing
   extensive data.  Machine learning models have become increasingly prevalent
   in water quality monitoring, aiding decision makers and safeguarding public
   health.  An integrated system, which combines electronic sensors with a
   Machine Learning model, offers immediate feedback and can be implemented in
   any location.  This type of system operates independently of an Internet
   connection and does not depend on data derived from chemical or laboratory
   analysis.  The aim of this study is to develop an energy-efficient TinyML
   model to classify water potability that operates as an embedded system and
   relies solely on the data available through electronic sensing.  When
   compared with a similar model functioning in the Cloud, the proposed model
   requires 51.2% less memory space, performs all inference tests approximately
   99.95% faster, and consumes about 99.95% less energy.  This increase in
   performance enables the classification model to run for years in devices
   that are very resource-constrained.  © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
DE energy efficiency; machine learning; random forest; tinyml; water potability
ID decision making; health risks; machine learning; potable water; water
   quality; energy efficient; human rights; machine learning models; machine
   learning; monitoring water quality; random forests; safe drinking water;
   tinyml; water potability; water quality monitoring; energy efficiency

---

UT 615
AR Boyle L, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P40231, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3425904
TI DSORT-MCU: Detecting Small Objects in Real Time on Microcontroller Units
AU Boyle L; Moosmann J; Baumann N; Heo S; Magno M
TC 7
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB Advances in lightweight neural networks have revolutionized computer vision
   in a broad range of Internet of Things (IoT) applications, encompassing
   remote monitoring and process automation.  However, the detection of small
   objects, which is crucial for many of these applications, remains an
   underexplored area in current computer vision research, particularly for
   low-power embedded devices that host resource-constrained processors.  To
   address the said gap, this article proposes an adaptive tiling method for
   lightweight and energy-efficient object detection networks, including You
   Only Look Once (YOLO)-based models and the popular Faster Objects More
   Objects (FOMO) network.  The proposed tiling enables object detection on
   low-power microcontroller units (MCUs) with no compromise on accuracy
   compared to large-scale detection models.  The benefit of the proposed
   method is demonstrated by applying it to FOMO and TinyissimoYOLO networks on
   a novel RISC-V -based MCU with built-in machine learning (ML) accelerators.
   Extensive experimental results show that the proposed tiling method boosts
   the F1-score by up to 225% for both FOMO and TinyissimoYOLO networks while
   reducing the average object count error by up to 76% with FOMO and up to 89%
   for TinyissimoYOLO. Furthermore, the findings of this work indicate that
   using a soft F1 loss over the popular binary cross-entropy loss can serve as
   an implicit nonmaximum suppression for the FOMO network.  To evaluate the
   real-world performance, the networks are deployed on the RISC-V based GAP9
   microcontroller from GreenWaves Technologies, showcasing the proposed
   method's ability to strike a balance between detection performance
   (58%-95%F1-score), low latency (0.6-16.2 ms/Inference), and energy
   efficiency (31-1.27 μ J/Inference) while performing multiple predictions
   using high-resolution images on an MCU.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE internet of things ( iot ); microcontrollers ( mcus ); object detection;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID computer architecture; computer vision; controllers; energy efficiency;
   feature extraction; interactive computer systems; internet of things; neural
   networks; object detection; object recognition; real-time systems; accuracy;
   f1 scores; features extraction; microcontroller unit; neural networks;
   objects detection; random access memory; real-time system; small objects;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 687
AR Nathoo RD, 2024, ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC,
   P10141, DOI 10.1109/ICASSP48485.2024.10446796
TI Two-Step Knowledge Distillation for Tiny Speech Enhancement
AU Nathoo RD; Kegler M; Stamenovic M
TC 7
SO ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2024
AB Tiny, causal models are crucial for embedded audio machine learning
   applications.  Model compression can be achieved via distilling knowledge
   from a large teacher into a smaller student model.  In this work, we propose
   a novel two-step approach for tiny speech enhancement model distillation.
   In contrast to the standard approach of a weighted mixture of distillation
   and supervised losses, we firstly pre-train the student using only the
   knowledge distillation (KD) objective, after which we switch to a fully
   supervised training regime.  We also propose a novel fine-grained
   similarity-preserving KD loss, which aims to match the student's intra-
   activation Gram matrices to that of the teacher.  Our method demonstrates
   broad improvements, but particularly shines in adverse conditions including
   high compression and low signal to noise ratios (SNR), yielding signal to
   distortion ratio gains of 0.9 dB and 1.1 dB, respectively, at -5 dB input
   SNR and 63× compression compared to baseline.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE knowledge distillation; model compression; speech enhancement; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; personnel training; speech enhancement;
   teaching; causal modeling; fine grained; knowledge distillation; machine
   learning applications; model compression; student modeling; supervised
   trainings; teachers; tinyml; two-step approach; students

---

UT 774
AR Khalife R, 2024, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1110 LNEE, P487, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-48121-5_70
TI Real-Time Implementation of Tiny Machine Learning Models for Hand Motion
   Classification
AU Khalife R; Mrad R; Dabbous A; Ibrahim A
TC 7
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB This paper investigates the design, implementation, and assessment of
   different embedded neural network models for hand motion classification.
   Using an Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensor, a dataset of five distinct
   hand motion classes has been collected from the Arduino nano BLE 33
   targeting hand motion analysis.  Two different machine learning models
   namely Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and Multilayer Perceptron (MLP)
   are implemented and compared in terms of classification accuracy and
   hardware complexity.  Experimental results show identical classification
   accuracy of 100% for the two models.  After deployment, results show that
   the MLP network exhibited the lowest processing time and RAM usage, taking 4
   ms and 4.0 K, respectively.  In contrast, the CNN model needs 313ms and
   utilizes 15.9 K of RAM. Moreover, the MLP model also had the lowest flash
   usage with 25.3 K, while the CNN model used 67.7 K. © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE convolutional neural network; embedded neural networks; hand motion
   recognition; multilayer perceptron; tinyml
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; machine learning; motion
   estimation; multilayers; neural network models; palmprint recognition; real-
   time control; convolutional neural network; embedded neural networks; hand
   motion; hand motion recognition; machine learning models; motion
   classification; motion recognition; multilayers perceptrons; neural network
   model; tinyml; multilayer neural networks

---

UT 800
AR Bitra VS, 2024, ANAL CHIM ACTA, V1322, DOI 10.1016/j.aca.2024.343063
TI TinyML-Raman: A novel IoT based field-deployable spectra analysis for
   accurate identification of pharmaceuticals and trace dye-pesticide mixtures
   from facile SERS method
AU Bitra VS; Verma S; Rao BT
TC 7
SO ANAL CHIM ACTA
PY 2024
AB Background: Upcoming inexpensive, compact Internet of Things (IoT)
   microcontrollers i.e., tiny-machine learning (TinyML) takes the ML driven
   Raman spectroscopy one step ahead for realization of more affordable and
   highly compact field deployable instruments.  Further, lack of large
   spectral datasets and need for numerous specialized SERS substrates impede
   the development of various ML-based surface enhanced Raman spectroscopy
   (SERS) applications.  The aim is to introduce TinyML analysis on wide range
   of spectra classes using customized dataset obtained with low-cost SERS. In
   this regard, it is vital to establish an optimum ML model and efficient data
   handling methodology for low memory TinyML units.  Results: We introduce a
   novel TinyML methodology for accurate classification of large spectra
   classes with smartphone assistance for data communication and results
   visualization.  To generate large customized spectral dataset, we present a
   facile, micro-drop SERS using Au colloids and reusable grooved Al
   substrates.  The results demonstrated that memory efficient 8-bit data
   quantization based convolutional neural network is effective for accurate
   identification of 22 different spectra classes of trace dye-pesticide
   mixtures and pharmaceuticals.  In this novel quantized data analysis on
   significantly varied intensity and complex variation spectra classes i.e.,
   many individual, binary-mixtures and some with varied compositions, data
   normalization is shown to be powerful for improving ML classification
   accuracy from about 55 % to >99.5 %. Its robustness is demonstrated using
   inter-instrument driven data variations such as spectral shifts, high noise,
   and abscissa-flip, with five-fold cross validation of model performance.  In
   addition, on-site quantification of analyte through spectral intensity is
   also demonstrated.  Significance: This study opens up a new approach of ML
   analysis towards realization of next generation field deployable analytical
   instruments maintaining data privacy.  It presents a detailed procedure of
   quantized spectral data analysis and its implementation in TinyML,
   attractive for various users and instrument manufacturers.  The presented
   innovative computer-free ML analysis can be employed in all types of
   spectrometers, meeting the common goal of Raman spectroscopy i.e., accurate
   identification of complex spectra classes.  © 2024 Elsevier B.V.
DE 1d-cnn; 8-bit quantization; machine learning; raman spectra; sers; tinyml
ID binary mixtures; classification ( of information ); complex networks; data
   privacy; data visualization; database systems; internet of things; large
   datasets; pesticides; raman spectroscopy; spectrum analysis; substrates;
   pesticide; colloidal gold; dye; 1d-cnn; 8-bit quantization; machine
   learning; pesticide mixture; quantization; spectra analysis; spectras;
   surface enhanced raman spectroscopy; tiny machine learning; accuracy;
   algorithm; article; artificial neural network; comparative study; endoscopic
   retrograde cholangiopancreatography; entropy; facial recognition;
   fluorescence imaging; learning algorithm; machine learning; measurement
   accuracy; particle size; photon correlation spectroscopy; quantitative
   structure activity relation; raman spectrometry; receiver operating
   characteristic; scanning electron microscopy; scientific literature; signal
   noise ratio; speech intelligibility; support vector machine; x ray
   diffraction; article; controlled study; convolutional neural network; cross
   validation; data analysis; internet of things; machine learning; noise;
   quantization; smartphone; spectrometer; surface enhanced raman spectroscopy;
   machine learning

---

UT 816
AR Zhao X, 2024, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC60896.2024.10560795
TI A Deployable Edge Computing Solution for Machine Condition Monitoring
AU Zhao X; Wang P
TC 7
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2024
AB Machine condition monitoring and predictive maintenance are critical
   components of smart manufacturing.  The realization of machine predictive
   maintenance relies on synthetic integration of advanced sensing, Internet of
   Things (IoT), cloud computing, and Artificial Intelligence (AI)-enabled data
   analytics for machine condition diagnosis and prognosis.  One challenge that
   hurdles the manufacturing shop floor from implementing predictive
   maintenance is its outdated hardware and limited internet bandwidth, which
   prevents the floor from transmitting all collected data to the cloud for
   centralized data analytics.  One promising solution is edge-cloud computing
   and decision-making architecture.  In such an infrastructure, collected
   sensing data will be first processed on edge to directly obtain machine
   diagnosis results (e.g., normal vs.  abnormal), and only extracted features
   or selected raw data will be transmitted to the cloud for further analytics
   (e.g., remaining life prognosis). To improve the affordability and
   applicability of edge computing, this study proposed a novel and deployable
   edge device that adopts a feature-based Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny ML)
   model to achieve vibration data processing and machine condition monitoring
   while maintaining the modeling generalizability and computing efficiency.
   It integrates a Microelectromechanical Systems (MEMS) accelerometer for
   vibration data sampling (up to 20 kHz) and a microcontroller for edge
   computing and communication to the cloud.  The integral IoT system, which
   involves the edge device, cloud services, and wireless communication between
   the edge and cloud is presented, emphasizing its plug-and-play capability.
   In this framework, MQTT protocol is adopted for communication among edge,
   cloud, and end users, allowing processed signal information and machine
   diagnosis results to be published to end users in real-time.  Extensive
   experiments have been conducted in the context of industrial motor condition
   monitoring and fault diagnosis.  High classification accuracy has been
   demonstrated by the device-deployable Tiny ML, comparable or even better
   than the integration of high-cost commercial sensors with more advanced ML
   analytics.  Additionally, the edge device's durability and power efficiency
   are also evaluated.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; fault diagnosis; machine condition monitoring; tinyml
ID big data; cloud analytics; condition based maintenance; condition
   monitoring; costs; data analytics; data handling; edge computing;
   efficiency; failure ( mechanical ); failure analysis; fault detection;
   floors; internet of things; mems; cloud computing; data analytics; edge
   clouds; edge computing; faults diagnosis; machine condition monitoring;
   machine diagnosis; machine learning; predictive maintenance; tiny machine
   learning; decision making

---

UT 863
AR Mendez D, 2024, PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC, DOI
   10.1109/CCNC51664.2024.10454828
TI On TinyML WiFi Fingerprinting-Based Indoor Localization: Comparing RSSI vs.
   CSI Utilization
AU Mendez D; Zennaro M; Altayeb M; Manzoni P
TC 7
SO PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC
PY 2024
AB As context-aware location-based services (LBS) become increasingly important
   in many Internet of Things (IoT) verticals, such as logistics or industry
   4.0, indoor localization is now an essential feature to be integrated in
   these solutions.  For this purpose, fingerprinting-based solutions arise as
   a feasible solution, especially when integrating artificial intelligence on
   the edge, supported by computational and memory-restricted embedded devices,
   as it does not depend on a cloud-based deployment.  In this work, we
   integrate this new paradigm, known as TinyML, and compare the implementation
   of a machine learning (ML) model when using only WiFi Received Signal
   Strength Indicator (RSSI) or WiFi Channel State Information (CSI) data.  We
   tested two different scenarios, a single sample or time series, with
   different configurations of the trained neural network.  Our results show
   that a CSI data ML model always outperforms an equivalent RSSI approach,
   with a massive difference in performance for the time-series case.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE edge computing; indoor; localization; machine learning; tinyml
ID edge computing; indoor positioning systems; internet of things; location
   based services; machine learning; telecommunication services; time series;
   wi-fi; wireless local area networks ( wlan ); channel state information;
   edge computing; indoor; indoor localization; information data; localization;
   machine learning models; machine learning; received signal strength
   indicators; tinyml; channel state information

---

UT 934
AR Adhikary S, 2024, INTERNET THING, V28, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2024.101365
TI TinyWolf — Efficient on-device TinyML training for IoT using enhanced Grey
   Wolf Optimization
AU Adhikary S; Dutta S; Dwivedi AD
TC 7
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2024
AB Training a deep learning model generally requires a huge amount of memory
   and processing power.  Once trained, the learned model can make predictions
   very fast with very little resource consumption.  The learned weights can be
   fitted into a microcontroller to build affordable embedded intelligence
   systems which is also known as TinyML. Although few attempts have been made,
   the limits of the state-of-the-art training of a deep learning model within
   a microcontroller can be pushed further.  Generally deep learning models are
   trained with gradient optimizers which predict with high accuracy but
   require a very high amount of resources.  On the other hand, nature-inspired
   meta-heuristic optimizers can be used to build a fast approximation of the
   model's optimal solution with low resources.  After a rigorous test, we have
   found that Grey Wolf Optimizer can be modified for enhanced uses of main
   memory, paging and swap space among α,β,δ and ω wolves.  This modification
   saved up to 71% memory requirements compared to gradient optimizers.  We
   have used this modification to train the TinyML model within a
   microcontroller of 256KB RAM. The performances of the proposed framework
   have been meticulously benchmarked on 13 open-sourced datasets.  © 2024 The
   Author(s)
DE deep learning; embedded intelligence; evolutionary algorithms; internet of
   things; memory optimization; nature inspired algorithms

---

UT 946
AR Lu Q, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3591466
TI Enhancing the Energy Efficiency and Robustness of tinyML Computer Vision
   Using Coarsely-quantized Log-gradient Input Images
AU Lu Q; Murmann B
TC 7
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB This article studies the merits of applying log-gradient input images to
   convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for tinyML computer vision (CV). We
   show that log gradients enable: (i) aggressive 1-bit quantization of first-
   layer inputs, (ii) potential CNN resource reductions, (iii) inherent
   insensitivity to illumination changes (1.7% accuracy loss across 2−5 . . .
   23 brightness variation vs.  up to 10% for JPEG), and (iv) robustness to
   adversarial attacks (>10% higher accuracy than JPEG-trained models). We
   establish these results using the PASCAL RAW image dataset and through a
   combination of experiments using quantization threshold search, neural
   architecture search, and a fixed three-layer network.  The latter reveals
   that training on log-gradient images leads to higher filter similarity,
   making the CNN more prunable.  The combined benefits of aggressive first-
   layer quantization, CNN resource reductions, and operation without tight
   exposure control and image signal processing (ISP) are helpful for pushing
   tinyML CV toward its ultimate efficiency limits.  © 2024 Copyright held by
   the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE adversarial examples; computer vision pipeline; filter similarity;
   illumination invariance; image signal processing; log gradients; neural
   network quantization; quantization threshold search; sensor datasets
ID convolutional neural networks; energy efficiency; image enhancement;
   multilayer neural networks; network layers; pipelines; quantization ( signal
   ); adversarial example; computer vision pipeline; filter similarity;
   illumination invariance; image signal processing; log gradient; neural
   network quantization; neural networks; quantization; quantization threshold
   search; sensor dataset; threshold searches; computer vision

---

UT 511
AR Datta A, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P304, DOI 10.1145/3631461.3631956
TI Efficient Air Quality Index Prediction on Resource-Constrained Devices using
   TinyML: Design, Implementation, and Evaluation
AU Datta A; Pal A/1; Marandi R; Chattaraj N; Nandi S; Saha S
TC 6
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB These days, mobile/handheld air quality monitoring devices primarily sense
   pollutants and send them to the cloud without performing intelligent
   processing, such as soft calibration, sensor fault detection, or any onboard
   predictions.  This paper explores the feasibility of harnessing Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) to develop a compact system for inferring environmental
   pollution levels at a device's location.  Our primary challenge lies in
   fitting a trained machine-learning model within the device's limited memory
   without compromising its accuracy or inference speed.  Building upon the
   correlation between the Air Quality Index (AQI) and various meteorological
   factors, we propose a TinyML-based framework that predicts AQI using
   temperature, humidity, internet-sourced meteorological data, and temporal
   information collected through a web crawler.  Our contributions encompass
   sensor activation, system design on a Raspberry Pi Pico W board, and
   hyperparameter tuning of machine learning models, culminating in an
   efficient XGBoost implementation within the 2MB memory constraint, achieving
   75.2% accuracy with a 1615μs latency.  Moreover, an accuracy of 60% was
   observed when a real-time validation was carried out.  As per our knowledge,
   this system is the first-of-its-kind device that tries to embed some
   intelligence into a mobile air quality sensing device.  © 2024 ACM.
DE latency; performance; pollution monitoring; system prototype; tinyml
ID fault detection; machine learning; meteorology; web crawler; air quality
   indices; index predictions; latency; machine learning models; machine
   learning; performance; pollution monitoring; resource-constrained devices;
   system prototype; tiny machine learning; air quality

---

UT 530
AR Yu H, 2024, TRENDS ECOL EVOL, V39, P128, DOI 10.1016/j.tree.2023.11.014
TI Edge computing in wildlife behavior and ecology
AU Yu H; Amador GJ; Cribellier A; Klaassen M; de Knegt HJ; Naguib M; Nijland R;
   Nowak L; Prins HHT; Snijders L; Tyson C; Muijres FT
TC 6
SO TRENDS ECOL EVOL
PY 2024
AB Modern sensor technologies increasingly enrich studies in wildlife behavior
   and ecology.  However, constraints on weight, connectivity, energy and
   memory availability limit their implementation.  With the advent of edge
   computing, there is increasing potential to mitigate these constraints, and
   drive major advancements in wildlife studies.  © 2023 The Authors
DE automation; biologging; energy and storage efficiency; low latency; tiny
   machine learning
ID animals; animals wild; cloud computing; ecology; automation; detection
   method; energy efficiency; energy storage; machine learning; sensor; animal;
   cloud computing; ecology; wild animal

---

UT 547
AR Bove F, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P456, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00052
TI Smart Split: Leveraging TinyML and Split Computing for Efficient Edge AI
AU Bove F; Bedogni L
TC 6
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB The rapid advancement of Internet of Things (IoT) devices requires
   innovative approaches to implement machine learning (ML) in resource-
   constrained environments.  This paper explores the integration of Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) with split computing, focusing on classification
   using an ESP32 microcontroller connected to a Raspberry Pi edge server.  We
   conduct a series of experiments to measure the time required for image
   capture and classification, rather than focusing solely on model accuracy.
   Our findings indicate that while local processing on the ESP32 is limited by
   its computational capabilities, the split computing approach significantly
   reduces the processing time by leveraging the Raspberry Pi's computing
   resources.  We then highlight the benefits of our approach considering a
   dynamic scenario, in which networking changes hence the possibilities to
   perform split computing vary over time.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE iot; performance evaluation; split computing; tinyml
ID and splits; edge server; image captures; images classification; innovative
   approaches; iot; machine learning; performances evaluation; split computing;
   tinyml; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 559
AR Thota YR, 2024, PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI, P521, DOI
   10.1109/ISVLSI61997.2024.00100
TI TinyML for ECG Biometrics on Resource Constrained Devices
AU Thota YR; Nikoubin T
TC 6
SO PROC IEEE COMPUT SOC ANNU SYMP VLSI ISVLSI
PY 2024
AB With the rapid advancements in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and deep fake
   technology, ensuring data security has become a paramount concern.
   Traditional authentication methods, such as face ID, iris, and fingerprints,
   are susceptible to compromise, highlighting the need for more robust
   biometric systems.  Leveraging the unique characteristics of
   Electrocardiogram (ECG) signals, which vary significantly from individual to
   individual, shows the potential for enhancing authentication mechanisms.
   This paper introduces a novel methodology for the authentication of
   individuals using ECG signals in resource constrained devices like
   microcontroller units (MCUs) through the implementation of Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML). In this regard, 290 raw ECG signals of different subjects
   from the Physikalisch-Technische Bundesanstalt (PTB) database were filtered
   and segmented into 37,752 individual heartbeats.  Subsequently, Spectrogram
   features were extracted to train a Dense Neural Network (DNN) machine
   learning model within the Edge Impulse platform, achieving an impressive
   accuracy of 97.6%. The trained model was then converted to a TinyML
   supported format and deployed onto Espressif ESP-EYE (ESP32 240MHz) devices
   for performance evaluation.  Furthermore, this work evaluated the accuracy
   performance of spectral features in DNN and statistical, time domain
   features in the Support Vector Machine (SVM) model to complete result
   comparison.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE authentication; biometrics; dnn; ecg; machine learning; ptb database;
   spectrogram; svm; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; authentication; electrocardiograms; image
   coding; image segmentation; microcontrollers; dense neural network;
   electrocardiogram signal; machine learning; neural networks; physikalisch-
   technische bundesanstalt; physikalisch-technische bundesanstalt database;
   spectrograms; support vectors machine; tiny machine learning; support vector
   machines

---

UT 569
AR Datta A, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P246, DOI 10.1145/3631461.3631947
TI Real-Time Air Quality Predictions for Smart Cities using TinyML
AU Datta A; Pal A/1; Marandi R; Chattaraj N; Nandi S; Saha S
TC 6
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB This paper explores the feasibility of using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   to develop a compact system for inferring environmental pollution levels at
   a device's location.  Leveraging the correlation between the Air Quality
   Index (AQI), the localised temperature and humidity, and various other
   meteorological and temporal factors, we propose a first-of-its-kind device
   that tries to embed some intelligence into a mobile air quality sensing
   device that predicts the local AQI using the local temperature and humidity
   collected through sensors, and internet-sourced meteorological and temporal
   information collected through a web crawler.  A dust particle sensor has
   been added to calculate the real AQI, for validating the inference.  Our
   contributions culminate in an efficient C/C++ based XGBoost implementation
   within a 2MB memory constraint, achieving 75.2% accuracy with a 1615μs
   latency.  © 2024 Owner/Author.
DE latency; performance; pollution monitoring; system prototype; tinyml
ID air quality; smart city; air quality indices; air quality prediction;
   latency; machine learning; performance; pollution monitoring; real- time;
   system prototype; temperature and humidities; tiny machine learning; web
   crawler

---

UT 570
AR Garai S, 2024, INT CONF SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN SPCOM, DOI
   10.1109/SPCOM60851.2024.10631631
TI Exploring TinyML Frameworks for Small-Footprint Keyword Spotting: A Concise
   Overview
AU Garai S; Samui S
TC 6
SO INT CONF SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN SPCOM
PY 2024
AB Keyword spotting with a Small Footprint (SF-KWS) has gained popularity in
   today's landscape of smart voice-activated devices, smartphones, and IoT
   applications.  This surge is attributed to the advancements in Deep
   Learning, enabling the identification of predefined words or keywords from a
   continuous stream of words.  To implement the SF-KWS model on edge devices
   with low power and limited memory in real-world scenarios, a efficient
   TinyML framework is essential.  In this study, we explore six distinct
   categories of techniques namely, Network Architecture, Learning Techniques,
   Model Compression, Attention Awareness Architecture, Feature Optimization,
   and Neural Network Search, which are suitable for developing an SF-KWS
   system.  We experimented with various popular architectures using available
   TinyML frameworks throughout our investigation.  Our findings reveal that
   the Tensorflow Lite framework can compress a model by approximately 69%,
   maintaining acceptable accuracy.  Additionally, though the Edge Impulse
   framework reduces memory footprint significantly, are approximately 13.3%
   less accurate than MicroNet-S.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; embedded machine learning; small-footprint kws; spotting (
   kws ); tinyml
ID contrastive learning; deep reinforcement learning; deep learning; embedded
   machine learning; embedded machines; keyword spotting; machine learning;
   small footprints; small-footprint kws; spotting ( kws ); tinyml; deep
   learning

---

UT 593
AR Lu J, 2024, IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON, V70, P7334, DOI
   10.1109/TCE.2024.3397863
TI Lyapunov-Guided Long-Term Fairness-Aware Federated Learning for
   Collaborative TinyML on Edge Devices
AU Lu J; Sheng Y; Cao S; Elnaffar S; Muhammad Saad M; Mohammed Seid A; Erbad A
TC 6
SO IEEE TRANS CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB Although federated learning (FL) has become a privacy-preserving machine
   learning paradigm that enables a collaborative form of tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) on edge devices, unfairness may arise when the performance of the
   global model varies due to heterogeneous devices and data.  Existing works
   mainly focus on improving fairness in a single time slot, often ignoring the
   temporal coupling of FL in TinyML. To tackle this issue, we introduce a
   novel long-term fairness-aware model aggregation mechanism, named FedLV,
   which aims to reduce the accuracy distribution variance by considering the
   FL process as a whole.  Specifically, we introduce the long-term fairness
   criterion as well as the long-term fairness problem into the design of FedLV
   for FL. To promote the global model's performance, we quantify the long-term
   guarantee of clients' contributions, and transform the long-term fairness
   problem into a queue stability problem via Lyapunov optimization.  Since the
   global model's accuracy distribution is unmeasurable before model
   aggregation, we further propose a prior estimation solver to derive an
   approximately optimal solution and provide theoretical proof of the solver's
   convergence.  Extensive experiments conducted on four real-world datasets
   demonstrate that the accuracy distribution variance of FedLV is at least 12%
   lower than that of both FedAvg and q-FFL.  © 1975-2011 IEEE.
DE federated learning; long-term fairness; lyapunov optimization; tiny machine
   learning
ID couplings; e-learning; privacy-preserving techniques; computational
   modeling; federated learning; global models; long-term fairness; lyapunov
   optimization; machine learning; optimizations; performances evaluation; tiny
   machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 616
AR Bartoli P, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636485
TI Time-of-Flight Hand-Posture Recognition Using Compact Normalized Histogram
AU Bartoli P; Saporito D; Scandelli A; Giudici A; De Vecchi A; Zappa F
TC 6
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Gesture recognition plays a key role in Human Computer Interaction (HCI) to
   let users interact with devices in a touchless and intuitive way.  However,
   sensors often produce huge amounts of data, are power-hungry, or
   uncomfortable, making it difficult to integrate them into standalone
   wearable devices.  In this work, we exploit a new Time-of-Flight (ToF)
   sensor by STMicroelectronics to perform still gesture recognition through a
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). With just 215 mW in full power mode, the
   new multizone ToF sensor provides two types of data: an 8× 8 Distance Map
   (DM) and a Compact Normalized Histogram (CNH), which is a histogram with the
   number of photons collected by each pixel at different time slots.  We use
   both data to train two different CNN s.  Results are then compared in terms
   of accuracy and weight size, showing that CNH is not only better than DM in
   terms of accuracy (96% vs 88%), but also requires less memory (9.1 kB vs
   18.8 kB). Finally, we embed the best CNH model into two different
   microcontrollers: an ARM Cortex-M4 and an ARM Cortex-M7 with a built-in
   hardware accelerator.  We then compare the embedded models on occupied
   memory (RAM and Flash) and inference time.  In conclusion, we demonstrate
   how CNN built using CNH performs well in recognizing static hand posture and
   with significantly less memory consumption for network weights.  These
   results disclose the potential of CNH data from ToF sensors for ultra-lite
   gesture recognition in low-power wearables.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE compact normalized histogram; hand gesture recognition; time-of-flight; tiny
   machine learning; wearables
ID digital storage; gesture recognition; microcontrollers; palmprint
   recognition; photomapping; system-on-chip; wearable sensors; compact
   normalized histogram; convolutional neural network; gestures recognition;
   hand gesture recognition; machine learning; normalized histograms; time-of
   flight; time-of-flight sensor; tiny machine learning; wearable;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 617
AR Dasgupta S, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P391, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502805
TI MCU-based TinyML Camera for Face Recognition
AU Dasgupta S; Dey S
TC 6
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB We present the design and implementation of a framework to generate TinyML
   models for face recognition on micro-controller platforms.  The proposed
   framework generates models that can accurately identify unknown faces
   captured from an onboard camera, reducing false positives.  The same
   framework also produces tiny models for standard face recognition datasets
   with high accuracy, showing its scalability.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE afr; face recognition; genetic; mcu; tinyml
ID cameras; microcontrollers; afr; design and implementations; false positive;
   genetic; high-accuracy; mcu; microcontroller; on-board camera; tinyml; face
   recognition

---

UT 627
AR Fernandes RDA, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P20726, DOI
   10.1109/JSEN.2024.3403484
TI SmartLVEnergy: An AIoT Framework for Energy Management Through Distributed
   Processing and Sensor-Actuator Integration in Legacy Low-Voltage Systems
AU Fernandes RDA; Tavares Da Costa C; Gomes RCS/1; Luniere Vilaça N
TC 6
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB Digital integration is essential for efficient and sustainable management of
   energy resources, especially in modernizing outdated infrastructures.  This
   involves embedding sensor and actuator devices for precise energy monitoring
   and control, supported by distributed computing from edge to cloud,
   necessary for tailored analytical and predictive decisions.  Retrofit
   strategies incorporate these resources into older systems, enhancing
   existing infrastructures while adapting to technological progress.
   Nevertheless, systematic methodologies for sensor-actuator integration are
   lacking in the literature.  Therefore, this article introduces the
   SmartLVEnergy framework, designed to modernize legacy low-voltage systems
   with a retrofitting approach, integrating decentralized sensing, control,
   distributed processing, and predictive analytics.  The framework was
   employed to retrofit the energy distribution panel of a legacy manufacturing
   plant with sensor devices, which support remote monitoring and decentralized
   predictive analysis using 15-min energy demand forecast models based on two-
   layer long-short-term memory (LSTM) networks, adhering to Artificial
   Intelligence of Things (AIoT) and tiny machine learning (TinyML) principles.
   Benchmarked against nonquantized and single-layer LSTM models for the
   installation energy demand forecast between May 8 and July 11, 2023, our
   approach showed reduced prediction latency and memory consumption.  The main
   circuit breaker exhibited a 96.67% R-squared score (R2) and 7.23 kW root
   mean squared error (RMSE), with the associated sensor showing a prediction
   latency of 54.55 ms and using 58.45 KB of FLASH memory.  These metrics for
   the best-performing sensor were 97.33%, 0.39 kW, 5.55 ms, and 10.20 KB. This
   AIoT framework marks a significant advancement in sensor-actuator
   retrofitting, blending digital technology with legacy systems for
   intelligent energy management.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence of things ( aiot ); demand forecasting; retrofit;
   sensor-actuator system integration; smartlvenergy framework; smartlvgrid
   metamodel; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID blending; electric circuit breakers; electric power distribution; energy
   management systems; energy resources; internet of things; learning systems;
   legacy systems; long short-term memory; mean square error; predictive
   analytics; actuator system; artificial intelligence of thing; cloud
   computing; demand forecasting; low voltages; machine learning; meta model;
   predictive models; retrofit; sensor-actuator system integration;
   sensor/actuator; smartlvenergy framework; smartlvgrid metamodel; system
   integration; tiny machine learning; energy management

---

UT 661
AR Dey S, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM
   WORK, P556, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10503237
TI A Genetic Tuner for Fixed-skeleton TinyML Models
AU Dey S; Dasgupta S
TC 6
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB TinyML is a new paradigm of machine learning and inference on tiny devices.
   In many new-age applications such as Internet-of-Things (IoT), robotics,
   automotive embedded systems, etc., it is very important to process data
   close to the source for low-latency response, reduced data transfer, and
   privacy preservation.  Despite the growing popularity of TinyML, it is very
   difficult to carry out these projects at scale.  The reason for this is a
   critical dependency on skilled resources, who can design accurate and
   efficient models for very tiny devices, e.g.  micro-controllers.  In this
   paper, we address this shortage of TinyML skillsets by introducing a
   framework that can automatically generate, a tiny machine inference pipeline
   very fast.  The framework is evaluated on diverse computer vision datasets,
   for which the models having state-of-the-art accuracy, less than 60KB in
   size are generated within 20 minutes on average.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE automl; edge; evolutionary; genetic; tinyml
ID embedded systems; genetic algorithms; internet of things; automl; automotive
   embedded systems; edge; evolutionary; genetic; low latency; machine
   learning; new age; process data; tinyml; data transfer

---

UT 678
AR Navardi M, 2024, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V16, P393, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2024.3446948
TI MetaTinyML: End-To-End Metareasoning Framework for TinyML Platforms
AU Navardi M; Humes E; Mohsenin T
TC 6
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2024
AB Efficiently deploying deep neural networks on resource-limited embedded
   systems is crucial to meet real-Time and power consumption requirements.
   Utilizing metareasoning as a higher-level controller along with tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) can enhance energy efficiency and reduce latency on such
   systems by overseeing available resources.  This study introduces
   MetaTinyML, a comprehensive metareasoning framework for self-guided
   navigation on TinyML platforms.  The framework adapts its decision-making
   process by factoring in environmental changes to select the most suitable
   algorithms for the current scenario.  Implementation of MetaTinyML on an
   NVIDIA Jetson Nano 4-GB system integrated with a Jetbot ground vehicle
   demonstrated up to 50% power consumption enhancement.  View a video
   demonstration of the MetaTinyML framework at: Video.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE autonomous systems; edge computing; embedded systems; metaresoning; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )
ID deep neural networks; edge computing; autonomous system; edge computing;
   embedded-system; end to end; learning platform; machine learning;
   metareasoning; metaresoning; neural networks; tiny machine learning;
   decision making

---

UT 724
AR Essanoah Arthur EA, 2024, CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SOC ICTAS - PROC, P1, DOI
   10.1109/ICTAS59620.2024.10507119
TI Edge Impulse vs TensorFlow: A Comparative Analysis of TinyML Platforms for
   Maize Leaf Disease Identification
AU Essanoah Arthur EA; Wulnye FA; Nana Gookyi DA; Agyekum KO-BO; Danquah P;
   Gyaang R
TC 6
SO CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SOC ICTAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB TinyML is an emerging field of machine learning that focuses on developing
   and deploying models on low-power microcontrollers in embedded systems and
   Internet of Things devices.  Edge Impulse and TensorFlow are two popular
   machine learning platforms that can be used for TinyML model development and
   implementation for various applications, such as smart crop disease
   detection.  Farmers can improve crop yield and quality through the
   employment of real-time monitoring facilitated by TinyML models.  These
   models are operational on microcontrollers integrated with cameras or
   sensors, enabling the timely identification of crop diseases and pest
   infestations.  In this paper, we compare the workflow of both platforms in
   terms of data collection and preprocessing, model development and training,
   model evaluation and testing, and model deployment and inference.  We use a
   dataset of 12,344 raw images and 7454 augmented images of healthy and
   diseased maize leaves to evaluate each platform's features, performance, and
   usability for detecting crop diseases.  We also discuss the advantages and
   disadvantages of each platform in terms of ease of use, flexibility,
   scalability, reliability, and integration with hardware and cloud services.
   Our results demonstrate that Edge Impulse has a slight edge over TensorFlow
   in terms of ease of use, reliability, and memory footprint, while TensorFlow
   offers more flexibility, customization options and higher accuracy.  In
   conclusion, while both platforms are suitable for crop disease detection,
   combining them allows for leveraging the powerful training capabilities of
   TensorFlow for complex neural networks, along with the simplicity of Edge
   Impulse for deploying them on low-powered edge devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE disease identification; edge impulse; machine learning; maize leaf disease
   identification; tensorflow
ID crops; embedded systems; low power electronics; microcontrollers; crop
   disease; disease detection; disease identification; ease-of-use; edge
   impulse; leaf disease; machine learning; maize leaf disease identification;
   model development; tensorflow; machine learning

---

UT 750
AR Villegas-Ch W, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P174354, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3503516
TI Optimizing Federated Learning on TinyML Devices for Privacy Protection and
   Energy Efficiency in IoT Networks
AU Villegas-Ch W; Gutierrez R; Maldonado Navarro A; Mera-Navarrete A
TC 6
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Federated learning is presented as an effective solution to train artificial
   intelligence models on the Internet of Things networks without centralizing
   data, thus preserving privacy and minimizing security risks.  However, its
   implementation in low-power devices, such as Tiny Machine Learning, faces
   significant challenges due to the processing, memory, and unstable
   connectivity limitations that characterize these environments.  This study
   addresses these issues by developing a federated system optimized for Tiny
   Machine Learning devices, integrating differential privacy and encryption
   techniques adapted to their constraints.  The methodology employed includes
   the evaluation of model precision and energy consumption in variable
   communication scenarios, as well as heterogeneous workloads.  The results
   show that federated learning reduces energy consumption by 33% compared to
   the centralized approach, reaching an average of 100 mW. Furthermore,
   implementing differential privacy-maintained precision with a loss of only
   1.2% demonstrates the feasibility of protecting sensitive data without
   substantially affecting performance.  However, precision dropped by 8% in
   high communication loss scenarios, underlining the importance of stable
   connectivity for optimal system performance.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE energy efficiency in edge computing; federated learning in iot; privacy
   differential techniques; tiny machine learning optimization
ID adversarial machine learning; differential privacies; differential
   technique; edge computing; energy; energy efficiency in edge computing;
   federated learning in iot; learning optimizations; machine learning; privacy
   differential technique; tiny machine learning optimization; federated
   learning

---

UT 767
AR Mnif M, 2024, IEEE INT SYMP ROBOT SENSORS ENV ROSE - CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ROSE62198.2024.10591116
TI Ultra-Fast Edge Computing Approach for Hand Gesture Classification Based on
   EIT Measurements
AU Mnif M; Sahnoun S; Kaaniche M; Atitallah BB; Fakhfakh A; Kanoun O
TC 6
SO IEEE INT SYMP ROBOT SENSORS ENV ROSE - CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB Gesture-based robot control offers intuitive interaction between humans and
   robots, with applications ranging from industrial automation to assistive
   robotics.  However, existing solutions face challenges in achieving real-
   Time requirements while ensuring accurate gesture recognition.  This paper
   presents a new edge computing-based approach for real-Time control of robots
   using Electrical Impedance Tomography (EIT) measurements to classify hand
   gesture numbers in American Sign Language (ASL). Existing solutions for
   gesture recognition struggle to achieve real-Time performance while
   maintaining accuracy and energy efficiency.  This challenge becomes higher
   in the case of EIT because of its relative complexity.  We focus therefore
   on leveraging the capabilities of the edge device to implement effectively
   the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) acceleration.  The proposed solution
   combines hardware-Aware optimization techniques to achieve fast and accurate
   gesture recognition by enabling rapid inference while minimizing energy
   consumption on a low-power resource-constrained device with Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) capabilities.  The lightweight CNN model required only
   10.2 s to train using the Keras library of TensorFlow and achieved an
   accuracy of 89.37% for 10 sign language classes, with only 66 μs taken to
   run inference on the hardware-Accelerated microcontroller-based device.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; edge computing; eit; energy efficiency; hand gesture
   recognition; hardware accelerator; inference time; quantization; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; convolutional neural networks; deep neural
   networks; edge computing; energy utilization; gesture recognition; human
   robot interaction; real-time control; deep learning; edge computing;
   electrical impe dance tomography ( eit ); gestures recognition; hand
   gesture; hand gesture recognition; hardware accelerators; inference time;
   quantization; tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 815
AR Mishra J, 2024, ENG PROC, V82, DOI 10.3390/ecsa-11-20522
TI Embedded Intelligence for Smart Home Using TinyML Approach to Keyword
   Spotting †
AU Mishra J; Malche T; Hirawat A
TC 6
SO ENG PROC
PY 2024
AB Current research in home automation focuses on integrating emerging
   technologies like Internet of Things (IoT) and machine learning to create
   smart home solutions that offer enhanced convenience, efficiency, and
   security.  Benefits include remote control of household devices, optimized
   energy usage through automated systems, and improved user experience with
   real-time monitoring and alerts.  In this study, a TinyML (Tiny Machine
   Learning)-based keyword spotting machine learning model and system is
   proposed which enables voice-based home automation.  The proposed system
   allows users to control household devices through voice commands with
   minimal computational resources and real-time performance.  The main
   objective of this research is to develop the TinyML model for resource-
   constrained devices.  The system enables home systems to efficiently
   recognize specific keywords or phrases by integrating voice control for
   enhanced user convenience and accessibility.  In this research, the
   different voice keywords of users of different age groups have been
   collected in the home environment and trained using machine learning
   algorithms.  An IoT-based system is then developed utilizing the TinyML
   model to recognize a specific voice command and perform home automation
   tasks.  The model has achieved 98% accuracy with an F1 score of 1.00 and 92%
   recall.  The quantized model uses Latency of 5 ms, 7.9 K of RAM and 43.7 K
   of flash for keyword classification, which is the best fit for any resource-
   constrained devices.  The proposed system demonstrates the viability of
   deploying a keyword spotting model for home automation on resource-
   constrained IoT devices.  The research helps in building efficient and user-
   friendly smart home solutions, enhancing the accessibility and functionality
   of home automation systems.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE embedded ai; home automation; internet of things; keyword spotting; tinyml

---

UT 817
AR Mikhaylov D, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636542
TI On-Sensor TinyML Event-Based Fault Detection Strategies on Wind Turbine
   Blades
AU Mikhaylov D; Polonelli T; Magno M
TC 6
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB With the advent of wireless low-power Internet of Things (IoT) devices,
   Structural Health Monitoring (SHM), in which structures or machines are
   monitored using sensors, has become increasingly important to reduce costs
   and increase structure longevity.  On-sensor machine learning represents a
   significant leap forward in addressing the challenge of managing the copious
   amounts of data these SHM systems generate.  Novel sensors such as the
   ISM330IS Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) from STMicroelectronics feature an
   onboard Intelligent Sensor Processing Unit (ISPU) enabling some of the
   required data processing to be computed onboard the sensor, reducing the
   need to run the main processor and ensuring only interesting data is
   collected, e.g., when a fault occurs.  Using an existing state-of-the-art
   monitoring system as a baseline, this work investigates the power
   consumption, bandwidth requirements, and latency of potential data
   acquisition strategies using an event-based tiny Machine Learning (tinyML)
   model for fault detection in the context of wind turbine blades.  The
   results demonstrate that replacing the current time-based data acquisition
   strategy of the existing system with an event-based strategy using the ISPU
   could reduce power consumption by up to 75% while decreasing latency between
   fault occurrence and alerting of the remote monitoring system to near-zero,
   with an always-on power of just 1.29mW.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE iot; ispu; on-sensor processing; shm; structural health monitoring; tinyml;
   ultra-low power
ID building materials; concrete buildings; dams; foundations; network security;
   religious buildings; solar buildings; structural health monitoring; water
   towers; wind turbine blades; health monitoring; intelligent sensor
   processing unit; intelligent sensors; machine learning; on-sensor
   processing; processing units; sensor processing; structural health; tiny
   machine learning; ultra-low power; turbomachine blades

---

UT 838
AR Vostrikov S, 2024, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V73, P1, DOI
   10.1109/TIM.2023.3335535
TI A Muscle Pennation Angle Estimation Framework From Raw Ultrasound Data for
   Wearable Biomedical Instrumentation
AU Vostrikov S; Ingolfsson TM; Hafthorsdottir S; Leitner C; Magno M; Benini L;
   Cossettini A
TC 6
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2024
AB Measurement of muscle activity via wearable instrumentation is of great
   interest for medical and sport science applications: examples include the
   control of prostheses, robotics, or therapy and training.  This article
   focuses on the measurement of pennation angles in lateral gastrocnemius (LG)
   muscles directly from raw ultrasound (US) data.  We rely on a reduced number
   of channels (32) to demonstrate accurate and real-time-compatible
   predictions of pennation angles for low-power wearable US devices.  B-mode
   images are reconstructed by means of a delay-and-sum beamformer, and an
   automated computer vision tool (AEPUS) is employed to perform annotations.
   The labels are then used as ground truth for training an XGBoost regressor
   based on statistical features extracted from raw US data.  Feature
   importance analyses and deployment-oriented XGBoost model design allow
   reducing the memory footprint down to only 11 kB. Experimental verification
   demonstrates a root-mean-square error (RMSE) of 1.6°, comparable to manual
   annotations by experts.  To evaluate the performance on a low-power embedded
   processor, the complete algorithm is implemented on a recently released
   RISC-V-based parallel low-power processor (GAP9, from Greenwaves
   Technologies). Experimental measurements show an inference time and energy
   consumption as low as 1.31 ms and 43.32 μ J , respectively, with an average
   power envelope of 33.14 mW and a peak power of only 44 mW. The achieved
   accuracy, low memory footprint, and low power demonstrate the feasibility of
   pennation angle measurements directly on the probe for resource-constrained
   smart wearable US devices with a small number of channels.  © 1963-2012
   IEEE.
DE microcontroller; musculoskeletal system; regression; tiny machine learning (
   ml ); wearable ultrasound ( us )
ID bioinformatics; energy utilization; image reconstruction; learning systems;
   mean square error; microcontrollers; muscle; ultrasonics; annotation;
   biomedical monitoring; features extraction; images reconstruction; low
   power; machine learning; regression; tiny machine learning; ultrasound data;
   wearable ultrasound; data mining

---

UT 892
AR Chen Z/3, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3623509.3633398
TI Augmenting Embodied Learning in Welding Training: The Co-Design of an XR-
   and tinyML-Enabled Welding System for Creative Arts and Manufacturing
   Training
AU Chen Z/3; Johnson T; Knowles A; Li A; Yi S; Zhuang Y; Byrne D; El-Zanfaly D
TC 6
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB Metal welding is a craft manufacturing skill that can be unusually difficult
   to externalize and represent to novices.  Building competency requires an
   apprentice to iteratively practice embodied skills and sensitize themselves
   to a sensorially complex practice.  To explore these challenges, we
   organized a series of co-design workshops with a youth program in welding
   and fabrication.  Working with eight instructors and four students, we
   identified opportunities for mixed reality, sensing, and tinyML processes to
   augment welding training and practice.  This resulted in an extended reality
   (XR) welding helmet and torch that enhances the embodied learning of welding
   in three key ways: biometric sensing enhances mindfulness and stress
   management in sensorially challenging environments; acoustic sensing focuses
   learner attention on non-visual cues of weld performance; and combined
   motion-sensing and visual XR feedback helps improve proprioceptive and
   embodied learning.  These features are assessed and we offer design
   implications for augmenting novice learning of craft-practice with XR
   approaches.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE 3d interaction; augmented reality; craft; embodied interaction; prototyping;
   smart objects and environments; toolkits; ubiquitous computing
ID arts computing; augmented reality; mixed reality; ubiquitous computing; user
   interfaces; 3d interactions; co-designs; craft; embodied interaction;
   prototyping; smart environment; smart objects; toolkit; welding systems;
   welding training; welding

---

UT 898
AR Sabatini A, 2024, BIOMEDINFORMATICS, V4, P1519, DOI
   10.3390/biomedinformatics4020083
TI Calibrating Glucose Sensors at the Edge: A Stress Generation Model for Tiny
   ML Drift Compensation
AU Sabatini A; Cenerini C; Vollero L; Pau D
TC 6
SO BIOMEDINFORMATICS
PY 2024
AB Background: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems offer the advantage
   of noninvasive monitoring and continuous data on glucose fluctuations.  This
   study introduces a new model that enables the generation of synthetic but
   realistic databases that integrate physiological variables and sensor
   attributes into a dataset generation model and this, in turn, enables the
   design of improved CGM systems.  Methods: The presented approach uses a
   combination of physiological data and sensor characteristics to construct a
   model that considers the impact of these variables on the accuracy of CGM
   measures.  A dataset of 500 sensor responses over a 15-day period is
   generated and analyzed using machine learning algorithms (random forest
   regressor and support vector regressor). Results: The random forest and
   support vector regression models achieved Mean Absolute Errors (MAEs) of
   (Formula presented.) mg/dL and (Formula presented.) mg/dL, respectively.  In
   contrast, models trained solely on single sensor outputs recorded an average
   MAE of (Formula presented.) mg/dL. These findings demonstrate the variable
   impact of integrating multiple data sources on the predictive accuracy of
   CGM systems, as well as the complexity of the dataset.  Conclusions: This
   approach provides a foundation for developing more precise algorithms and
   introduces its initial application of Tiny Machine Control Units (MCUs).
   More research is recommended to refine these models and validate their
   effectiveness in clinical settings.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE cgm sensor model; dataset; interferences; tinyml

---

UT 915
AR Weng Y, 2024, MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, P562, DOI
   10.1109/MWSCAS60917.2024.10658694
TI Prediction of Remaining Useful Life and Cell Temperature for Li-ion
   Batteries Using TinyML
AU Weng Y; Guan W; Ababei C
TC 6
SO MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB In this paper, we develop new tiny machine learning (tiny ML) temporal
   convolutional network (TCN) models for prediction of remaining useful life
   (RUL) and of cell temperature for lithium-ion batteries.  The proposed
   models are developed, trained, optimized and verified in Python using
   TensorFlow.  Ex-tensive simulation experiments, using datasets from the
   Battery Archive website and from Sandia National Lab (SNL), show that the
   proposed models provide better results compared to previous models.
   Furthermore, the proposed models are converted to Ten-sorFlow lite for
   microcontroller models, which are deployed on IoT hardware devices,
   specifically the popular Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense board.  We conduct
   hardware experiments that show that the tinyML models are very efficient and
   provide satisfactory prediction accuracy.  Therefore, the proposed optimized
   tinyML models could be easily deployed in real practical scenarios, such as
   electric vehicles (EVs), to continuously monitor in real-time the health and
   temperature of batteries.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE battery pack; deep neural network; electric vehicle; remaining useful life;
   thermal management; tinyml
ID battery management systems; battery pack; convolutional neural networks;
   deep neural networks; prediction models; battery pack; cell temperatures;
   convolutional networks; ion batteries; machine learning; network models;
   neural networks; remaining useful lives; thermal; tinyml; lithium-ion
   batteries

---

UT 921
AR Gulati M, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P167810, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3492921
TI TDMiL: Tiny Distributed Machine Learning for Microcontroller-Based
   Interconnected Devices
AU Gulati M; Zandberg K; Huang Z/2; Wunder G; Adjih C/1; Baccelli E/1
TC 6
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB More and more, edge devices embark Artificial Neuron Networks.  In this
   context, a trend is to simultaneously decentralize their training as much as
   possible while shrinking their resource requirements, both for inference and
   training—tasks that are typically intensive in terms of data, memory, and
   computation.  At the edge’s extremity, a specific challenge arises
   concerning the inclusion of microcontroller-based devices typically deployed
   in the IoT. So far, no general framework has been provided for that.  Such
   devices not only have extremely challenging resource constraints (weak CPUs,
   slow network connections, memory budgets measured in kilobytes) but also
   exhibit high polymorphism, leading to large variability in computational
   performance among these devices.  In this paper, we design and implement
   TDMiL, a versatile framework for distributed training, and transfer
   learning.  TDMiL interconnects and combines logical components including
   CoAPerator (a central aggregator) and various tiny embedded software
   runtimes that are specifically tailored for networks comprising
   heterogeneous, resource-constrained devices built on diverse types of
   microcontrollers.  We report on experiments conducted with the TDMiL
   framework, which we use to comparatively evaluate several schemes devised to
   address computational variability among distributed learning
   microcontroller-based devices, i.e., stragglers.  Additionally, we release
   the code of our implementation of TDMiL as an open-source project, which is
   compatible with common commercial off-the-shelf IoT hardware and a well-
   known open-access IoT testbed.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE distributed learning; federated learning ( fl ); internet of things ( iot );
   machine learning; microcontrollers; tinyml-as-a-service ( tmlaas )
ID adversarial machine learning; federated learning; microcontrollers; open
   source software; transfer learning; artificial neuron networks; data memory;
   distributed learning; distributed machine learning; federated learning;
   internet of thing; machine learning; microcontroller-based; resource
   requirements; tinyml-as-a-service; budget control

---

UT 947
AR Nkoro EC, 2024, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMMUN ICAIIC, P832, DOI
   10.1109/ICAIIC60209.2024.10463374
TI Bit-by-Bit: A Quantization-Aware Training Framework with XAI for Robust
   Metaverse Cybersecurity
AU Nkoro EC; Nwakanma CI; Lee J-M; Kim D-S
TC 6
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMMUN ICAIIC
PY 2024
AB In this work, a novel framework for detecting mali-cious networks in the
   IoT-enabled Metaverse networks to ensure that malicious network traffic is
   identified and integrated to suit optimal Metaverse cybersecurity is
   presented.  First, the study raises a core security issue related to the
   cyberthreats in Metaverse networks and its privacy breaching risks.  Second,
   to address the shortcomings of efficient and effective network intrusion
   detection (NIDS) of dark web traffic, this study employs a quantization-
   Aware trained (QAT) 1D CNN followed by fully con-nected networks (ID CNNs-
   GRU-FCN) model, which addresses the issues of and memory contingencies in
   Metaverse NIDS models.  The QAT model is made interpretable using
   eXplainable artificial intelligence (XAI) methods namely, SHapley additive
   exPlanations (SHAP) and local interpretable model-Agnostic ex-planations
   (LIME), to provide trustworthy model transparency and interpretability.
   Overall, the proposed method contributes to storage benefits four times
   higher than the original model without quantization while attaining a high
   accuracy of 99.82 %. © 2024 IEEE.
DE ai; cyber security; iot; metaverse; network; tiny machine learning; xai
ID cybersecurity; internet of things; intrusion detection; lime; cyber
   security; iot; machine learning; metaverses; network; network traffic;
   quantization; tiny machine learning; training framework; xai; machine
   learning

---

UT 961
AR Muller K, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P193747, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3520089
TI TinyEP: TinyML-Enhanced Energy Profiling for Extreme Edge Devices
AU Muller K; Weidner J; Franchi N; Wagemann P
TC 6
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The widespread integration of the Internet of Things (IoT) into daily
   operations has made optimizing energy consumption in low-power edge devices
   increasingly important.  This is especially critical when battery-powered
   IoT platforms, like sensor networks, are provided to third parties to run
   custom sensing and perception applications.  In such cases, two main
   requirements emerge: A) accurate measurement of task energy consumption to
   fairly distribute maintenance and operations costs among parties and B)
   reliable identification of tasks with high power consumption fluctuations to
   prevent interference with sensitive measurement campaigns.  However, the
   need for compact, cost-effective, and energy-efficient power measurement
   solutions often compromises dynamic range, resolution, and overall
   measurement quality in these platforms.  To address these challenges, we
   introduce TinyEP, a system that leverages machine learning on highly
   constrained microcontrollers (TinyML) to enhance the quality of power traces
   recorded by limited measurement hardware on highly constrained devices in
   real-time.  Our approach incorporates online learning in the final layer of
   the model, combined with sparse feedback from an existing battery fuel gauge
   IC, to automatically adapt to new environments and compensate for concept
   drift.  We evaluated the robustness of TinyEP under extreme conditions,
   demonstrating its effective operation within a temperature range of -40
   circC to 80 circC. Our results show that TinyEP improves the Mean Absolute
   Percentage Error (MAPE) in recorded power traces and reduces the MAPE in
   task energy measurements from over 2 % to under 0.8 % across all tested
   scenarios.  Additionally, it significantly decreases residual variance
   during task energy measurements.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE energy profiling; environmental compensation; iot devices; power
   measurement; real-time data processing; tinyml
ID energy utilization; energy profiling; energy-consumption; environmental
   compensation; internet of thing device; percentage error; power; power
   measurement; power traces; real-time data processing; tinyml; fuel gages

---

UT 962
AR Von Däniken E, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636460
TI Tiny On-Device Structural Health Monitoring for Wind Turbines Using MEMS
   Pressure Sensors
AU Von Däniken E; Mikhaylov D; Moallemi A; Polonelli T; Magno M
TC 6
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Wind turbines are extensively used as a renewable source of energy.  These
   turbines are exposed to turbulence and highly variable weather conditions
   such as wind, rain, and ice, which can cause significant damage and degraded
   power generation performance if not detected in time.  The emergence of the
   Industry 4.0 paradigm enables a reduction in maintenance costs and increased
   efficiency.  Recent research has demonstrated the possibility of monitoring
   the aerodynamic performance of the wind turbine directly from the blades
   with today's state-of-the-art wireless monitoring systems.  However, these
   need external support to process and analyze the collected data.  This paper
   proposes an effective tiny machine learning approach to monitor the blade
   structural integrity directly onboard the sensor node, requiring only 3 kB
   of RAM and 35 kB of Flash running on a low-power ARM Cortex-M4F at 48MHz.
   We experimentally evaluate the proposed model with a dataset acquired in a
   wind tunnel with 40 MEMS barometers placed around the airfoil in 6 different
   damage conditions.  The X G Boost classification model is purely based and
   trained on the blade aerodynamics, featuring a classification accuracy above
   83 % over 6 labeled classes of increasing damage.  With a total execution
   time of 579 ms while it only consumes 9 mJ, it enables real-time analysis
   for a sustainable battery - based monitoring system.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; industry 40; shm; tinyml; wind turbines
ID barometers; pressure vessels; sensor nodes; thermopiles; turbine components;
   turbomachine blades; wind stress; wind turbine blades; condition; edge
   computing; exposed to; health monitoring; mems pressure sensor; renewable
   sources; shm; sources of energy; structural health; tinyml; structural
   health monitoring

---

UT 538
AR Wulnye FA, 2024, CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SOC ICTAS - PROC, P180, DOI
   10.1109/ICTAS59620.2024.10507115
TI TinyML Implementation on Microcontrollers: The Case of Maize Leaf Disease
   Identification
AU Wulnye FA; Essanoah Arthur EA; Nana Gookyi DA; Kwaku Pobi Asiedu D; Wilson
   M; Agyemang JO
TC 5
SO CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SOC ICTAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Maize, a crucial global food crop, faces various diseases affecting
   agricultural yield and quality, which must be monitored.  This study employs
   advanced Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) architecture for efficient maize
   leaf disease detection and classification.  The proposed CNN maize disease
   detection (MDD) development involves optimization, data augmentation, batch
   size, and fine-tuning strategies in addition to properly selecting and using
   maize leaf images from Kaggle, Harvard Dataverse, and Mendeley as Dataset.
   The detailed assessment of the CNN-MDD through splitting of data into
   training and testing sets reveals significant correlations among maize leaf
   classifications and the impact of data augmentation on images.  After the
   training phase, the CNN-MDD was deployed on a Microcontroller Unit (MCU)
   simulation model.  The deployed MCU model for the CNN-MDD optimization
   parameters recorded a latency of 7.60 ms, a Random-Access Memory (RAM) size
   of 726.60 KB, a classifier flash size of 344.70 KB, and an accuracy of
   94.60%. These optimized parameters show a high compatibility rate with our
   MCU specifications.  In addition, our proposed CNN-MDD MCU technology also
   emphasizes leveraging low-cost edge devices like Arduino Ble 33 Sense for
   practical crop pest and disease identification in sub-Saharan African
   countries like Ghana.  This research was accompanied with deliverables
   including the coalition and creation of a Ghanaian maize crop pest and
   disease dataset and the development and deployment of an optimal and low-
   cost CNN-MDD MCU edge device.  These efforts aim to provide local Ghanaian
   and Sub-Saharan African farmers with a swift, offline solution for MDD,
   fostering sustainable agricultural practices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; maize leaf disease; microcontroller unit;
   optimization
ID classification ( of information ); convolution; convolutional neural
   networks; crops; flash memory; microcontrollers; random access storage;
   convolutional neural network; data augmentation; disease detection; leaf
   disease; low-costs; maize disease; maize leaf disease; microcontroller unit;
   optimizations; sub-saharan; costs

---

UT 550
AR Shiraishi J, 2024, IEEE COMMUN LETT, V28, P2101, DOI
   10.1109/LCOMM.2024.3436816
TI TinyAirNet: TinyML Model Transmission for Energy-Efficient Image Retrieval
   From IoT Devices
AU Shiraishi J; Thorsager M; Pandey SR; Popovski P
TC 5
SO IEEE COMMUN LETT
PY 2024
AB This letter introduces an energy-efficient pull-based data collection
   framework for Internet of Things (IoT) devices that use Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) to interpret data queries.  A TinyML model is transmitted
   from the edge server to the IoT devices.  The devices employ the model to
   facilitate the subsequent semantic queries.  This reduces the transmission
   of irrelevant data, but receiving the ML model and its processing at the IoT
   devices consume additional energy.  We consider the specific instance of
   image retrieval in a single device scenario and investigate the gain brought
   by the proposed scheme in terms of energy efficiency and retrieval accuracy,
   while considering the cost of computation and communication, as well as
   memory constraints.  Numerical evaluation shows that, compared to a baseline
   scheme, the proposed scheme reaches up to 67% energy reduction under the
   accuracy constraint when many images are stored.  Although focused on image
   retrieval, our analysis is indicative of a broader set of communication
   scenarios in which the preemptive transmission of an ML model can increase
   communication efficiency.  © 1997-2012 IEEE.
DE 6g iot networks; energy efficiency; semantic query; tinyml model; wireless
   image retrieval
ID energy efficiency; image retrieval; internet of things; machine learning;
   semantic web; 6g internet of thing network; accuracy; energy efficient;
   features extraction; machine learning models; machine learning; semantic
   query; tiny machine learning; tiny machine learning model; wireless image
   retrieval; semantics

---

UT 611
AR El-Amarty N, 2024, INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC, DOI
   10.1109/ICCSC62074.2024.10616453
TI Accurate Short-Term Solar Irradiance Forecasting with TinyML on Edge Device
AU El-Amarty N; El Fadili H; Bennani SD
TC 5
SO INT CONF CIRCUIT SYST COMMUN ICCSC
PY 2024
AB Accurate short-term forecasts of Global Horizontal Irradiance (GHI) are
   crucial for optimizing solar energy production and grid stability.  They
   enable adjustments to power output based on anticipated fluctuations in
   solar power input.  This paper proposes a novel Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) approach for predicting GHI values specifically designed for
   deployment on resource-constrained Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  Two
   experiments were conducted.  First, a comprehensive benchmark study compared
   five machine learning models (artificial neural network, XGBoost decision
   tree, gradient boosting, and random forest) for GHI forecasting in Fez,
   Morocco.  This study identified the ANN model as the most effective for
   simultaneously predicting GHI three multi-steps ahead.  The benchmarking was
   performed on a PC to simulate cloud-based forecasting.  The second
   experiment deployed and tested the chosen ANN model on a Raspberry Pi 4 to
   predict GHI three multi-steps ahead (1-3 hours). This evaluated its
   effectiveness for on-device (edge) prediction, contributing to a more
   intelligent and efficient solar energy management strategy.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; edge device; global solar irradiance forecasting;
   internet of things ( iot ); tiny machine learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; prediction models; edge
   device; global solar irradiance forecasting; global solar irradiances;
   internet of thing; machine learning; multisteps; neural networks; short-term
   forecasts; solar irradiances; tiny machine learning; solar irradiance

---

UT 657
AR Srivastava P, 2024, ENG PROC, V78, DOI 10.3390/engproc2024078003
TI Microcontroller-Based EdgeML: Health Monitoring for Stress and Sleep via HRV
   †
AU Srivastava P; Shah N; Jaiswal K
TC 5
SO ENG PROC
PY 2024
AB The healthcare sector is undergoing a transformation with the integration of
   cutting-edge technologies such as machine learning (ML), the Internet-of-
   Things (IoT), and Cyber–Physical Systems (CPS). However, traditional ML
   systems often face challenges in real-time processing and resource
   efficiency, limiting their application in life-critical scenarios.  This
   research explores the potential of edge ML, particularly TinyML with
   TensorFlow Lite, implemented on microcontroller-based AI sensors for real-
   time health monitoring.  By leveraging model quantization, the system
   analyzes heart rate variability (HRV) data to deliver continuous and
   personalized insights into stress levels and sleep quality.  Trained on
   SWELL and ISRUC datasets, the system is highly energy-efficient, consuming
   33 mW in idle mode, 66 mW during data collection, and 99 mW during real-time
   inference, making it suitable for resource-constrained environments.
   Performance analysis reveals significant demographic variations: younger
   individuals (18–25) achieved 90% accuracy due to higher HRV and lower
   baseline stress, while middle-aged (26–50) and older adults (50+)
   demonstrated declining HRV, reducing accuracy to 82% for the latter.  Gender
   differences were also observed, with males exhibiting greater stress
   response sensitivity and better accuracy (89%) compared to females.  This
   study underscores the transformative potential of TinyML for real-time,
   energy-efficient health monitoring and emphasizes the need for demographic-
   specific optimizations to enhance system reliability and accessibility.  ©
   2024 by the authors.
DE ai sensors; edgeml; healthcare; microcontrollers; tinyml

---

UT 674
AR Chua A, 2024, DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL, DOI
   10.1109/VLSITechnologyandCir46783.2024.10631419
TI SPIRIT: A Seizure Prediction SoC with a 17.2nJ/cls Unsupervised Online-
   Learning Classifier and Zoom Analog Frontends
AU Chua A; Pandey A; Kaveh R; Alamouti SF; Doong J; Muller R
TC 5
SO DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB This work presents SPIRIT, an SoC integrating an unsupervised online-
   learning seizure prediction classifier with eight 14.4μ W, 0.057mm2, 90.5dB
   dynamic range, Zoom Analog Frontends.  SPIRIT achieves, on average,
   97.5%/96.2% sensitivity/specificity, predicting seizures an average of 8.4
   minutes before they occur.  Its classifier consumes 17.2μ W and occupies
   0.14mm2, the lowest reported for a prediction classifier by > 134x in power
   and > 5x in area.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE machine learning; neural recording; seizure prediction; tinyml; unsupervised
   online learning; zoom adc
ID contrastive learning; prediction models; unsupervised learning; analog
   frontend; dynamic range; learning classifiers; machine learning; neural
   recordings; power; seizure prediction; tinyml; unsupervised online learning;
   zoom adc; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 684
AR Bello H, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P364, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502797
TI Unimodal and Multimodal Sensor Fusion for Wearable Activity Recognition
AU Bello H; Lukowicz P; Zhou B; Suh S
TC 5
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB Combining different sensing modalities with multiple positions helps form a
   unified perception and understanding of complex situations such as human
   behavior.  Hence, human activity recognition (HAR) benefits from combining
   redundant and complementary information (Unimodal/Multimodal). Even so, it
   is not an easy task.  It requires a multidisciplinary approach, including
   expertise in sensor technologies, signal processing, data fusion algorithms,
   and domain-specific knowledge.  This Ph.D. work employs sensing modalities
   such as inertial, pressure (audio and atmospheric pressure), and textile
   capacitive sensing for HAR. The scenarios explored are gesture and hand
   position tracking, facial and head pattern recognition, and body posture and
   gesture recognition.  The selected wearable devices and sensing modalities
   are fully integrated with machine learning-based algorithms, some of which
   are implemented in the embedded device, on the edge, and tested in real-
   time.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE activity recognition; embedded intelligence; multi-positional fusion; multi-
   modal fusion; tinyml
ID atmospheric pressure; behavioral research; data handling; gesture
   recognition; machine learning; wearable sensors; activity recognition;
   embedded intelligence; human activity recognition; human behaviors; multi-
   modal fusion; multi-positional fusion; multi-modal sensor fusion; sensing
   modalities; tinyml; unimodal; domain knowledge

---

UT 703
AR Pandey SK, 2024, GECCO COMPANION - PROC GENET EVOL COMPUT CONF COMPANION,
   P299, DOI 10.1145/3638530.3654392
TI Onboard Class Incremental Learning for Resource-Constrained scenarios using
   Genetic Algorithm and TinyML
AU Pandey SK; Nair SB/1
TC 5
SO GECCO COMPANION - PROC GENET EVOL COMPUT CONF COMPANION
PY 2024
AB Deploying Machine Learning (ML) models in real-world settings over resource-
   constrained edge devices has always been a challenging task.  While TinyML
   tackles this issue to an extent, by mostly using pre-trained Deep Learning
   (DL) models, the static nature of such models renders them ineffective for
   non-stationary data.  A model having a low memory footprint that could allow
   onboard Class Incremental Learning (CIL) so as to accommodate data from new
   classes and also avoid catastrophic forgetting, is thus, the need of the
   day.  The work described in this paper endeavours to meet this need by
   providing a method that utilises TinyML to accommodate a DL model onboard a
   resource-constrained device.  To enable onboard CIL over the DL model, the
   method leverages Latent Replays (as exemplars) and a Genetic Algorithm (GA)
   to create a multi-fitness landscape that facilitates the inclusion of new
   class data, suppresses catastrophic forgetting and keeps a check on the
   quality of exemplars.  Experiments and comparisons conducted for a gesture
   recognition task using time-series data with the proposed method deployed on
   a microcontroller, show the effectiveness of augmenting TinyML DL models
   with the GA for onboard CIL.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE class incremental learning; genetic algorithms; neural networks; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; deep learning; federated
   learning; gesture recognition; neural networks; catastrophic forgetting;
   class incremental learning; incremental learning; learning models; low
   memory; machine learning models; neural networks; nonstationary; real-world
   setting; tinyml; genetic algorithms

---

UT 782
AR Mach TKT, 2024, IEEE SENSORS J, V24, P15643, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2024.3380571
TI UWB Impulse Radar for People Counting with Convolutional Neural Network on
   Microcontrollers
AU Mach TKT; Pham CT; Le M
TC 5
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2024
AB We present an exploration of the advancements in ultrawideband (UWB) radar
   technology applied to people counting in the Internet of Things (IoT)
   applications.  We introduce a novel lightweight convolutional neural network
   (CNN) model specifically designed for implementation on microcontrollers
   with low power consumption.  Our proposed model successfully overcomes the
   limitations of existing methods, achieving an impressive accuracy rate of
   99.38% for counting to ten people while randomly walking in a small area of
   5×5 m.  In addition, its lightweight architecture enables effortless
   integration with resource-constrained microcontrollers, enabling efficient
   execution of intelligent IoT tasks.  Notably, our method maintains the
   accuracy even after quantization, with the model retaining 98.22% accuracy
   while reducing its size by more than half.  Benchmarking results demonstrate
   the model's efficiency, with inference times of less than 48 ms on a wide
   range of STM32 microcontrollers.  Furthermore, the model with the most
   compact size specification achieves a remarkable inference time of only 3.8
   ms per prediction on an STM32 microcontroller.  The proposed model is 47 ×
   faster with 16× fewer parameters compared to the ResNet architecture-based
   model.  These results emphasize the significant potential of utilizing UWB
   impulse radar systems for practical people counting applications in real-
   world IoT scenarios, whether in static setups for indoor use or in a dynamic
   state mounted on an unmanned aerial vehicle.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network ( cnn ); microcontrollers; people counting;
   tinyml; ultra-wideband ( uwb ) radar
ID antennas; controllers; convolution; low power electronics; microcontrollers;
   network architecture; neural networks; ultra-wideband ( uwb ); convolutional
   neural network; features extraction; impulse radars; people counting; radar
   technology; tinyml; ultra-wideband radars; ultrawide band; internet of
   things

---

UT 788
AR Fragkou E, 2024, FUTUR INTERNET, V16, DOI 10.3390/fi16110413
TI A Joint Survey in Decentralized Federated Learning and TinyML: A Brief
   Introduction to Swarm Learning
AU Fragkou E; Katsaros D
TC 5
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2024
AB TinyML/DL is a new subfield of ML that allows for the deployment of ML
   algorithms on low-power devices to process their own data.  The lack of
   resources restricts the aforementioned devices to running only inference
   tasks (static TinyML), while training is handled by a more computationally
   efficient system, such as the cloud.  In recent literature, the focus has
   been on conducting real-time on-device training tasks (Reformable TinyML)
   while being wirelessly connected.  With data processing being shift to edge
   devices, the development of decentralized federated learning (DFL) schemes
   becomes justified.  Within these setups, nodes work together to train a
   neural network model, eliminating the necessity of a central coordinator.
   Ensuring secure communication among nodes is of utmost importance for
   protecting data privacy during edge device training.  Swarm Learning (SL)
   emerges as a DFL paradigm that promotes collaborative learning through peer-
   to-peer interaction, utilizing edge computing and blockchain technology.
   While SL provides a robust defense against adversarial attacks, it comes at
   a high computational expense.  In this survey, we emphasize the current
   literature regarding both DFL and TinyML/DL fields.  We explore the
   obstacles encountered by resource-starved devices in this collaboration and
   provide a brief overview of the potential of transitioning to Swarm
   Learning.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE decentralized federated learning; swarm learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; computationally efficient; decentralized;
   decentralized federated learning; learning schemes; low power devices;
   neural network model; real- time; subfields; swarm learning; tinyml;
   federated learning

---

UT 819
AR Zanghieri M, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P16009, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3357510
TI An Extreme-Edge TCN-Based Low-Latency Collision-Avoidance Safety System for
   Industrial Machinery
AU Zanghieri M; Indirli F; Latella A; Puglia GM; Tecce F; Papariello F; Urlini
   G; Benini L; Conti F
TC 5
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Modern manufacturing industry relies on complex machinery that requires
   skills, attention, and precise safety certifications.  Protecting operators
   in the machine's surroundings while at the same time reducing the impact on
   the normal workflow is a major challenge.  In particular, safety systems
   based on proximity sensing of humans or obstacles require that the detection
   is accurate, low-latency, and robust against variations in environmental
   conditions.  This work proposes a functional safety solution for collision
   avoidance relying on Ultrasounds (US) and a Temporal Convolutional Network
   (TCN) suitable for deployment directly at the edge on a low-power
   Microcontroller Unit (MCU). The setup allowed to acquire a sensor-fusion
   dataset with 9 US sensors mounted on a real industrial woodworking machine.
   Applying incremental training, the proposed TCN achieved sensitivity 90.5%,
   specificity 95.2%, and AUROC 0.972 on data affected by the typical acoustic
   noise of an industrial facility, an accuracy comparable with the State-of-
   the-Art (SoA). Deployment on an STM32H7 MCU yielded a memory footprint of
   560 B (3× less than SoA), with an extremely low latency of 5.0 ms and an
   energy consumption of 8.2 mJ per inference (both >2.3× less than SoA). The
   proposed solution increases its robustness against acoustic noise by
   leveraging new data, and it fits the resource budget of real-time operation
   execution on resource-constrained embedded devices.  It is thus promising
   for generalization to different industrial settings and for scale-up to
   wider monitored spaces.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE collision avoidance; embedded systems; incremental learning;
   microcontroller; public dataset; real-time; temporal convolutional networks
   ( tcn ); time series; tinyml; ultrasounds
ID accident prevention; collision avoidance; embedded systems; energy
   utilization; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); interactive computer
   systems; low power electronics; neural networks; personnel training; real-
   time systems; signal detection; time series analysis; collisions avoidance;
   convolutional networks; convolutional neural network; embedded-system; field
   programmable gate array; field programmables; incremental learning; low
   latency communication; manufacturing process; programmable gate array;
   public dataset; real-time system; real- time; temporal convolutional
   network; time series analysis; times series; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 873
AR Giazitzis S, 2024, IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON, P1019, DOI
   10.1109/MELECON56669.2024.10608784
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Li-ion Battery State of Health Estimation
AU Giazitzis S; Sakwa M; Ogliari E; Badha S; Rosetti F
TC 5
SO IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF MELECON
PY 2024
AB The high rise of Renewable Energy Sources (RES) and the stochastic nature of
   weather conditions cause a need for battery integration into energy storage
   systems.  Sophisticated Battery Management Systems (BMS) are required to
   supervise and compute the key parameters among which many are not directly
   measurable using standard sensors.  Many data-driven methods are frequently
   preferred for their estimation due to their superior accuracy, minimal
   energy consumption, and straightforward implementation on cloud platforms or
   Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  The primary focus of this research is the
   development of compact, data-driven models tailored for battery State of
   Health (SoH) estimation prioritizing efficiency in terms of memory and power
   requirements, rendering them well-suited for integration into IoT devices.
   Specifically, the target device for implementation is the Infineon Cypress
   CY8CPROTO-062S3-4343W. The development process entailed offline training of
   a compact Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and an Artificial Neural
   Network (ANN) utilizing a comprehensive dataset derived from five distinct
   batteries.  The on-device deployment and quantization of the models was
   performed employing the ModusToolBox Machine Learning (MTB-ML) software
   provided by Infineon.  The tests demonstrate satisfactory results for both
   selected models, with notably good accuracy, particularly in the initial
   phases of the battery life cycle.  Regarding computational load, the ANN
   exhibits a distinct advantage over the more intricate CNN model.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE battery; deep learning; iot; state of health; tinyml
ID battery storage; convolutional neural networks; deep learning; state of
   charge; battery; convolutional neural network; deep learning; high rise;
   infineons; ion batteries; machine learning; neural networks; state of
   health; tinyml; battery management systems

---

UT 874
AR Scherer M, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
TI Work in Progress: Linear Transformers for TinyML
AU Scherer M; Cioflan C; Magno M; Benini L
TC 5
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2024
AB We present the WaveFormer, a neural network architecture based on a linear
   attention transformer to enable long sequence inference for TinyML devices.
   Waveformer achieves a new state-of-the-art accuracy of 98.8 % and 99.1 % on
   the Google Speech V2 keyword spotting (KWS) dataset for the 12 and 35 class
   problems with only 130 kB of weight storage, compatible with MCU class
   devices.  Top-1 accuracy is improved by 0.1 and 0.9 percentage points while
   reducing the model size and number of operations by 2.5× and 4.7× compared
   to the state of the art.  We also propose a hardware-friendly 8-bit integer
   quantization algorithm for the linear attention operator, enabling efficient
   deployment on low-cost, ultra-low-power microcontrollers without loss of
   accuracy.  © 2024 EDAA.
ID architecture-based; bit integers; google+; integer quantization; keyword
   spotting; long sequences; model size; neural network architecture;
   percentage points; state of the art; network architecture

---

UT 897
AR Saranya T, 2024, INT CONF I-SMAC (IOT SOC MOB ANAL CLOUD) I-SMAC - PROC,
   P13, DOI 10.1109/I-SMAC61858.2024.10714760
TI A Secure Framework for MIoT: TinyML-powered Emergency Alerts and Intrusion
   Detection for Secure Real-time Monitoring
AU Saranya T; Jeyamala D; Sellamuthu S; Indra Priyadharshini S
TC 5
SO INT CONF I-SMAC (IOT SOC MOB ANAL CLOUD) I-SMAC - PROC
PY 2024
AB The healthcare industry is shifting towards a patient-centered model, with
   remote monitoring at its core.  The Medical Internet of Things (MIoT) is
   central to this shift, leveraging sensors to collect real-time health data
   and enhance patient care.  However, managing sensitive information raises
   privacy concerns, making robust data security crucial for system success.
   Our proposed solution addresses these challenges by using edge processing to
   encrypt personal data before it is sent to the cloud, and applying Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) for real-time vital sign analysis to trigger
   emergency alerts.  Additionally, we incorporate a lightweight Intrusion
   Detection System (IDS) to identify potential attacks.  The proposed system
   is validated in two phases: heart disease prediction using TinyML achieved
   88% accuracy with Random Forest.  The sensitive data were encrypted using a
   lightweight AES scheme in Edge before being in the cloud.  In the second
   phase, the Intrusion Detection System (IDS) using IoT Flock data
   demonstrated 99.67% accuracy with K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) and a low false
   positive.  This approach enhances real-time health monitoring efficiency and
   data security, marking a notable advancement in MIoT applications.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE edge computing; intrusion detection systems; lightweight aes; machine
   learning; medical iot; tinyml
ID data privacy; electronic health record; intrusion detection; mhealth;
   nearest neighbor search; remote patient monitoring; edge computing;
   emergency alerts; intrusion detection systems; intrusion detection;
   lightweight aes; machine learning; medical iot; real-time monitoring; real-
   time; tinyml; network intrusion

---

UT 903
AR Ng WS, 2024, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS58744.2024.10558440
TI High Accuracy and Low Latency Mixed Precision Neural Network Acceleration
   for TinyML Applications on Resource-Constrained FPGAs
AU Ng WS; Ling Goh W; Gao Y
TC 5
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB Recent advancements in mixed precision quantization algorithms hold
   significant promise for Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) applications that
   face tight resource constraints.  However, to leverage the benefits of mixed
   precision NNs, specialized hardware is required.  The reconfigurability of
   Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs) allows tensor computations of any
   precision.  In this work, we propose a streaming architecture with layer-
   specific processing elements to support interlayer mixed precision NN
   computations on FPGAs.  Additionally, we extend the supported quantization
   scheme to intralayer level by introducing multiply-accumulation (MAC) units
   that support intralayer dynamic precision quantization.  Bit-serial MAC
   units are chosen to accommodate more PEs on resource-constrained FPGAs.  We
   successfully implemented a mixed quantized NN for the keyword spotting task
   on a FPGA-only Digilent A7-35T platform with 62% reduction in resource
   consumption when compared to the previous FPGA-only implementations.  Our
   implementation also achieves 2 times speedup as compared to the state-of-
   the-art ASIC implementation while meeting the accuracy requirement of 90%
   set by MLPerf® Tiny Benchmark.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE dynamic quantization; fpga accelerator; mixed precision quantization;
   multiply-accumulation
ID computer circuits; machine learning; dynamic quantization; field
   programmable gate array accelerator; field programmables; intra-layer;
   machine learning applications; mixed precision; mixed precision
   quantization; multiply accumulations; programmable gate array; quantization;
   field programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 907
AR Rus C, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V985 LNNS, P164, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-60215-3_16
TI S.O.S. - My Grandparents: Using the Concepts of IoT, AI and ML for the
   Detection of Falls in the Elderly
AU Rus C; Leba M; Sibisanu R
TC 5
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB The increase in life expectancy and aging of the population have highlighted
   the need for innovative solutions to support and protect older people, who
   become more vulnerable to household accidents, particularly falls.  This
   scientific work focuses on the development of an intelligent monitoring and
   alert system using Arduino Nano 33 IoT and TinyML technology to
   differentiate between falls and ordinary bending among the elderly.  The
   system aims to promptly intervene in case of an unexpected event, ensuring
   access to medical assistance.  The study explores the implementation of the
   system, including the use of advanced sensors and TinyML technology for
   accurate fall detection.  Specialized literature on falls in the elderly and
   the potential of force platform measurements to predict falls is also
   reviewed.  Ethical considerations and data privacy are emphasized throughout
   the research.  The results show that the implemented system can accurately
   differentiate between sitting and falling movements, enabling rapid
   responses in emergency situations, thus contributing to improved elderly
   care and reducing the risk of complications associated with accidental
   falls.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE arduino nano 33 iot; elderly fall detection; machine learning; tinyml
ID ethical technology; fall detection; internet of things; machine learning;
   arduino nano 33 iot; elderly fall detection; elderly falls; fall detection;
   falls in the elderlies; innovative solutions; life expectancies; machine
   learning; older people; tinyml; data privacy

---

UT 911
AR Fasolino A, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636597
TI Object Classification using Ultra Low Resolution Time-of-Flight Sensor and
   Tiny Convolutional Neural Network
AU Fasolino A; Vitolo P; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Licciardo GD; Pau
   D
TC 5
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Ultra-Low-Resolution (ULR) Time-of-Flight (ToF) sensors are utilized in
   combination with higher-resolution image sensors in several industrial
   applications, such as object recognition and accurate auto-focus.  However,
   the heterogeneous combination of these sensors and the complex post-
   processing systems, makes it challenging to meet the requirements of
   compactness, lightness, and aesthetics in edge devices used in industrial
   and consumer applications, such as smart visors and glasses.  This work
   investigates the feasibility of using ULR ToF as the only sensing element in
   object recognition systems, combined with machine learning techniques.  The
   outcome of this investigation resulted in a very compact system based on the
   STMicroelectronics VL53L8CX 8 × 8 pixel ToF sensor, coupled with a custom
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) capable of classifying four objects even
   under partial occlusion conditions.  The designed solution overcomes the
   limitations mentioned above, achieving an accuracy of 92.23% when
   activations and weights are quantized to 8 bits.  The CNN has been profiled
   and deployed on STM32 microcontrollers, occupying 2.65 kB of memory,
   performing one inference in 1 ms, and consuming 32 μ J of energy per
   inference.  These results are a significant improvement over the state-of-
   the-art in the literature in terms of inference time, memory occupation, and
   energy consumption per inference.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; object classification; time-of-flight ( tof );
   tinyml
ID convolutional neural network; high resolution images; lower resolution;
   object classification; objects recognition; resolution time; time-of flight;
   time-of-flight; time-of-flight sensor; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 926
AR Jati G, 2024, PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF, P249, DOI 10.1145/3649153.3649201
TI TinyLid: a RISC-V accelerated Neural Network For LiDAR Contaminant
   Classification in Autonomous Vehicle
AU Jati G; Molan M; Barchi F; Bartolini A; Acquaviva A
TC 5
SO PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF
PY 2024
AB LiDAR plays a critical role in autonomous car perception.  Hence, the
   robustness of LiDAR data is imperative.  However, malfunctions resulting
   from sensor cover contaminants are unavoidable and can lead to erroneous
   data that slowly degrade performance.  As such, detecting contamination in
   LiDAR is essential but remains an open challenge due to varying contaminant
   types, changing properties over time, and deployment aspects.  Automatic
   classification of the contaminants would enable the automated response (like
   cleaning the sensor) to ensure the integrity of the data collected by the
   LiDAR sensor.  To minimize the effect on the whole vehicle perception
   system, the contamination classification has to be performed near the sensor
   and in a computationally efficient way.  To address these challenges, we
   have conducted a feasibility study of developing an efficient near-sensor
   machine learning-powered contaminant classification running on the RISC-V
   architecture.  This paper proposes a lightweight 2D CNN network, TinyLid,
   trained to classify contaminants based on the most comprehensive LiDAR
   contaminant dataset.  The results presented in this paper show that the
   proposed solution can achieve high classification performance while being
   computationally efficient and running on hardware with negligible power
   consumption compared to the LiDAR sensor itself.  Specifically, implementing
   a proposed ML model on a reference RISC-V architecture GAP8 achieves the
   inference time of 2.575 milliseconds, 6.138 operations/cycle, and uses only
   6.8% of 512 KiB L2 memory.  The results presented in this work showcase the
   possibility of increasing the reliability and integrity of the LiDAR-
   collected sensor data without significant computational or energy
   consumption impact on the broader system.  © 2024 Owner/Author.
DE advanced driver assistance systems ( adas ); autonomous vehicle perception
   systems; autonomous vehicle safety; gap8; lidar contamination
   classification; lidar reliability; risc-v; tinyml
ID advanced driver assistance systems; automobile drivers; classification ( of
   information ); computational efficiency; contamination; energy efficiency;
   network architecture; optical radar; vehicle safety; advanced driver
   assistance system; autonomous vehicle perception system; autonomous vehicle
   safety; autonomous vehicles; gap8; lidar contamination classification; lidar
   reliability; perception systems; risc-v; tinyml; vehicle safety; autonomous
   vehicles

---

UT 932
AR Adhikary S, 2024, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V16, P513, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2024.3462638
TI FedTinyWolf - A Memory Efficient Federated Embedded Learning Mechanism
AU Adhikary S; Dutta S
TC 5
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2024
AB Embedded intelligence is a challenging field in engineering given its
   resource-constrained environment which regular machine learning algorithms
   demand.  Most embedded intelligence models are trained on a computer and
   then the learned parameters are transferred to the embedded devices to
   enable decision making.  Although training the model within a
   microcontroller is possible, the state-of-the-art method requires further
   optimization.  Moreover, federated learning (FL) is used in the state of the
   art to protect data privacy while training a deep learning model at edge
   level.  Embedded learning models require memory enhancements to improve on-
   device FL. In this experiment, we have performed memory enhancement of gray
   wolf optimizer after finding it suitable for the purpose and implemented it
   to create edge-level, resource-efficient, data privacy preserving on-device
   federated training of embedded intelligence models.  The performances are
   benchmarked on 13 open-sourced datasets showing a mean 10.8% accuracy
   enhancement.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE embedded intelligence; federated learning ( fl ); microcontroller; systems;
   tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; embedded intelligence; embedded learning;
   intelligence models; learning mechanism; learning models; machine learning
   algorithms; memory efficient; memory enhancement; system; tinyml; federated
   learning

---

UT 933
AR Mukhopadhyay S/1, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL
   EVENTS PERCOM WORK, P487, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502748
TI Time Series Classification on Edge with Lightweight Attention Networks
AU Mukhopadhyay S/1; Dey S; Mukherjee A; Pal A; Ashwin S
TC 5
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB In recent years, wearable devices and sensing systems have become an
   integral part of the deployment of Artificial Intelligence (AI) on Edge.
   These intelligent edge devices perform first-level analytics to reduce data
   transfer, improve response latency, and preserve privacy.  Thus, there is a
   growing focus on the design of machine learning models with high accuracy,
   and low resource footprint, suitable for a wide range of applications in the
   domains of healthcare, wellness, and lifestyle, among others.  A majority of
   these tasks comprise the classification of time series signals collected
   from physiological and inertial sensors on commercially available wearable
   devices.  A suitable solution for time series classification on edge would
   allow the use of multiple signal modalities on a broad spectrum of
   constrained devices.  Unfortunately, the time series analytics for resource-
   limited platforms have not reached the same level of maturity as its full-
   fledged counterpart.  For instance, attention-based networks, which form the
   state-of-the-art for standard time series classification, have no well-
   performing, generalized implementation for resource-constrained platforms.
   Towards this, we present a new architecture suited for time series
   classification using specialized lightweight attention-like blocks.  These
   blocks, inspired by the attention mechanism and attention condensers,
   effectively learn time series features.  We demonstrate the efficiency of
   the proposed model design and proof-of-concept implementation on a Human
   Activity Recognition dataset.  Moreover, the generalizability of this
   architecture is highlighted by the reasonably good classification accuracy
   on various datasets from the UCR Time Series Classification Archive.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE attention mechanism; edge computing; time series classification; tinyml;
   wearable sensing
ID artificial intelligence; classification ( of information ); edge computing;
   network architecture; perovskite; time series; wearable sensors; attention
   mechanisms; device system; edge computing; integral part; machine learning
   models; sensing systems; time series classifications; tinyml; wearable
   devices; wearable sensing; data transfer

---

UT 937
AR Kimutai G, 2024, GOODIT - PROC INT CONF TECHNOL SOC, P44, DOI
   10.1145/3677525.3678639
TI Domain-Adaptive TinyML Model for Efficient Pest and Disease Detection in
   Domestic Crops: A Practical Approach for Developing Countries
AU Kimutai G; Förster A
TC 5
SO GOODIT - PROC INT CONF TECHNOL SOC
PY 2024
AB Artificial intelligence (AI) is a disruptive technology that has achieved
   remarkable breakthroughs across various domains and is reshaping our daily
   lives.  However, AI’s resource-intensive, time-consuming, and domain-
   specific nature creates a significant divide between developed countries,
   with abundant resources, and developing countries, where computing power and
   datasets are limited.  To bridge this gap, Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML),
   Transfer Learning (TL), and Domain Adaptation (DA) emerge as crucial
   approaches for implementing AI in resource-scarce environments.  TinyML
   deploys compressed AI models on resource-constrained devices, including
   mobile devices and microcontrollers.  TL leverages knowledge from one task
   to enhance performance on a related task, while DA, a sub-discipline of TL,
   applies models trained on one distribution to a related but different
   distribution.  This paper presents a feasibility study on applying DA to
   develop a TinyML model for detecting and classifying diseases in domestic
   crops.  We proposed a 2D-CNN model named "AgroNet," equipped with a domain
   classification head to predict the input domain, thus enhancing adaptability
   to different agricultural domains.  We evaluated its performance with a TL-
   based 2D-CNN model and a traditional 2D-CNN baseline model in both source
   and target domains.  The source domain dataset encompassed tea, apples,
   coffee, tomatoes, beans, and maize, while the target domain dataset included
   peas, cabbage, cassava, cowpea, and spinach—evaluation metrics comprised
   precision, f-measure, and accuracy.  Results indicated superior performance
   in the source domain compared to the target domain.  However, AgroNet
   exhibited satisfactory performance in the target domain, achieving an
   average score of over 0.7 across all metrics, while the baseline and TL-
   based models displayed significant performance drops, recording averages of
   less than 0.5 in most classes.  The TL and baseline models’ reliance on
   static features limited their adaptability, particularly in the target
   domain characterized by diverse image characteristics.  These findings
   underscore the necessity of extensive retraining for traditional approaches
   in new domains.  Regarding memory and energy requirements, AgroNet consumed
   more resources than the other ML models, with 200MB and 500 joules expended
   over 61 seconds of training.  We deployed the AgroNet model in an apple farm
   in Kericho County embedded in a mobile device.  The energy and memory
   requirements were sufficient for execution on resource-scarce devices, as
   evidenced by the mobile devices, including embedded systems.  The model
   recorded average results during real deployment with a significant drop in
   classification performance compared to simulation environments, likely due
   to noise introduced in the deployment environment, including background
   noise and differing lighting conditions.  This study demonstrated the
   feasibility of DA for AI deployment in resource-constrained settings, as it
   can be trained on a source domain and applied in a comparable target domain
   after limited fine-tuning.  This saves on computing costs and accelerates
   deployments.  In the future, we will explore ensemble learning techniques,
   including boosting and bagging, and feature engineering methods, such as
   principal component analysis, feature selection, and data augmentation, to
   enhance machine learning classification performance.  © 2024 ACM.
DE artificial intelligence; cnn; domain adaptation; tinyml; transfer learning
ID agricultural robots; domain knowledge; fruits; grain ( agricultural product
   ); knowledge engineering; baseline models; cnn models; domain adaptation;
   domestic crops; machine learning models; machine learning; performance;
   target domain; tiny machine learning; transfer learning; transfer learning

---

UT 944
AR Annadata YSH/1, 2024, PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF DCAS, DOI
   10.1109/DCAS61159.2024.10539880
TI TinyML Powered Drone in Agriculture Application
AU Annadata YSH/1; Moganarengam V; Nikoubin T
TC 5
SO PROC IEEE DALLAS CIRCUITS SYST CONF DCAS
PY 2024
AB This research explores the groundbreaking synergy between Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) and Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) for precision
   agriculture, focusing on disease monitoring in tomato plants.  The study
   integrates TinyML into UAVs using the Edge Impulse framework and ESP EYE 32.
   The research introduces a meticulous optimization process for key parameters
   that impact system characteristics such as energy consumption and accuracy.
   This optimization, applied to both model training and on-device processes,
   ensures minimal computing resources like memory size, energy, and processing
   time, while maintaining acceptable accuracy levels.  The literature review
   highlights the promising intersection of UAVs, Machine Learning (ML), and
   agriculture.  The methodology details the use of Edge Impulse TinyML
   algorithm for disease classification.  In experimentation, the study
   emphasizes the superiority of single-labeled data over bounded boxes for
   plant health classification, investigates parameter modifications impact on
   training and testing accuracy, and presents optimal setup insights.  The
   research achieves 90% training accuracy and 91.67% testing accuracy for
   binary class and 92.30% training accuracy and 80.00% testing accuracy for
   multi-class using single-labeled data.  This work envisions the
   transformative potential of TinyML and UAVs in agriculture, particularly in
   disease identification in tomato plants, paving the way for intelligent
   systems with diverse applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE drone; edge impulse; plant disease prediction; tinyml; tomato plant disease
ID agricultural robots; antennas; energy utilization; fruits; intelligent
   systems; machine learning; aerial vehicle; edge impulse; machine learning;
   plant disease; plant disease prediction; tiny machine learning; tomato plant
   disease; tomato plants; training accuracy; drones

---

UT 981
AR Ning Z, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P20879, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2024.3396928
TI Guest Editorial Special Section on Tiny Machine Learning in Internet of
   Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
AU Ning Z; Jamalipour A; Zhou MC; Jedari B
TC 5
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB With the rapid development of ubiquitous networks and smart devices,
   artificial intelligence-based unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are drawing
   more and more attention.  The rise in popularity of deep neural networks
   (DNNs) has spawned a research effort to deploy various kinds of DNN models
   on vehicles.  They have been used to accomplish complicated vehicular tasks
   and enable the construction of intelligent vehicular networks.  Despite the
   promising prospects, how to train and run them on resource-limited and
   hardware-constrained UAVs faces huge challenges.  Furthermore, the tradeoff
   between accuracy and latency needs to be considered while reducing the
   computational cost of DNN training.  © 2014 IEEE.
ID antennas; neural network models; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); aerial
   vehicle; computational costs; intelligent vehicular networks; machine
   learning; network devices; neural network model; research efforts; smart
   devices; special sections; ubiquitous networks; deep neural networks

---

UT 517
AR Sharma V/1, 2024, IEEE INT FORUM RES TECHNOL SOC IND INNOV RTSI -
   PROCEEDING, P85, DOI 10.1109/RTSI61910.2024.10761203
TI Efficient Tiny Machine Learning for Human Activity Recognition on Low-Power
   Edge Devices
AU Sharma V/1; Pau D; Cano J
TC 4
SO IEEE INT FORUM RES TECHNOL SOC IND INNOV RTSI - PROCEEDING
PY 2024
AB Human Activity Recognition (HAR) continues to capture the attention of
   academic and industrial researchers because of its practical applications in
   healthcare and everyday living environments.  To equate this technology for
   widespread use, it is crucial to ensure that HAR models are not only high-
   performing but also optimized for minimal resource usage.  This paper
   employs Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) techniques, including quantization,
   pruning, and knowledge distillation for reducing the model size and make a
   parsimonious use of resources and energy while maintaining high accuracy.
   The results demonstrate that the proposed approach can reduce the model
   footprint (4 × on average) with minimized accuracy deviation (4% on
   average). Additionally, this work extends the deployment of HAR models and
   the UCI-HAR dataset across three different hardware edge platforms:
   SensorTile.box PRO embodying multiple sensors, Raspberry Pi, and Arduino.
   The Arduino exhibited the most efficient use of the energy consumption while
   the Raspberry Pi the best accuracy.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID energy utilization; energy; human activity recognition; living environment;
   low power; machine learning techniques; machine learning; model size;
   quantization; recognition models; resource usage; adversarial machine
   learning

---

UT 535
AR Cereda E, 2024, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V43,
   P3685, DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3447208
TI Training on the Fly: On-Device Self-Supervised Learning Aboard Nano-Drones
   Within 20 mW
AU Cereda E; Giusti A; Palossi D
TC 4
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB Miniaturized cyber-physical systems (CPSs) powered by tiny machine learning
   (TinyML), such as nano-drones, are becoming an increasingly attractive
   technology.  Their small form factor (i.e., ∼ 10~cm diameter) ensures vast
   applicability, ranging from the exploration of narrow disaster scenarios to
   safe human-robot interaction.  Simple electronics make these CPSs
   inexpensive, but strongly limit the computational, memory, and sensing
   resources available on board.  In real-world applications, these limitations
   are further exacerbated by domain shift.  This fundamental machine learning
   problem implies that the model perception performance drops when moving from
   the training domain to a different deployment one.  To cope with and
   mitigate this general problem, we present a novel on-device fine-tuning
   approach that relies only on the limited ultralow power resources available
   aboard nano-drones.  Then, to overcome the lack of ground-truth training
   labels aboard our CPS, we also employ a self-supervised method based on the
   ego-motion consistency.  Albeit our work builds on the top of a specific
   real-world vision-based human pose estimation task, it is widely applicable
   for many embedded TinyML use cases.  Our 512-image on-device training
   procedure is fully deployed aboard an ultralow power GWT GAP9 system-on-chip
   and requires only 1 MB of memory while consuming as low as 19 mW or running
   in just 510 ms (at 38 mW). Finally, we demonstrate the benefits of our on-
   device learning approach by field-testing our closed-loop CPS, showing a
   reduction in horizontal position error of up to 26% versus a non-fine-tuned
   state-of-the-art baseline.  In the most challenging never-seen-before
   environment, our on-device learning procedure makes the difference between
   succeeding or failing the mission.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded ml; on-device learning; resource-constrained cyber-physical system
   ( cps ); self-supervised learning; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID benchmarking; contrastive learning; drones; human robot interaction; job
   analysis; nanorobotics; nanorobots; robot learning; semi-supervised
   learning; benchmark testing; computational modeling; embedded ml; machine
   learning; on-device learning; pose-estimation; resource-constrained cps;
   task analysis; tiny machine learning; self-supervised learning

---

UT 545
AR Luder V, 2024, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC60896.2024.10560804
TI CycloWatt: An Affordable, TinyML-Enhanced IoT Device Revolutionizing Cycling
   Power Metrics
AU Luder V; Bian S; Magno M
TC 4
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2024
AB Cycling power measurement is an indispensable metric with profound
   implications for cyclists' performance and fitness levels.  It empowers
   riders with realtime feedback, supports precise training regimen planning,
   mitigates injury risks, and enhances muscular development.  Despite these
   advantages, the widespread adoption of cycling power meters has been
   hampered by their prohibitive cost and deployment complexity.  This paper
   pioneers a groundbreaking approach to power measurement in cycling,
   prioritizing affordability and user-friendliness.  To achieve this goal, we
   introduce a cutting-edge Internet of Things (IoT) device that seamlessly
   integrates force signals with inertial sensor data while leveraging the
   power of edge machine learning techniques.  In-field experimental
   evaluations demonstrate that our prototype can estimate power with
   remarkable accuracy, boasting a Mean Absolute Error (MAE) of only 12.29
   Watts (4.1%). Notably, our design emphasizes energy efficiency, operating in
   a low-power mode that consumes a mere 50 milliwatts and offers an
   exceptional battery life of up to 25.8 hours in always-on active mode.  With
   an ultra-low latency of 4.33 milliseconds for data processing and inference,
   our system ensures realtime power estimation during cycling activities.
   Incorporating IoT concepts and devices, this paper marks a significant
   milestone in developing cost-effective and accurate cycling power meters.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE cycling power measurement; edge machine learning; machine learning; sensor
   data processing
ID cost effectiveness; data handling; energy efficiency; internet of things;
   cycling power measurement; edge machine learning; machine learning;
   performance; power; power metrics; powermeter; real-time feedback; sensor
   data processing; machine learning

---

UT 585
AR Li G/1, 2024, SCI CHINA SCI, V67, DOI 10.1007/s11432-023-3934-y
TI An analysis of TinyML@ICCAD for implementing AI on low-power microprocessor
AU Li G/1; Zhang J/3; Zhang M/1; Li T/1; Chen T; Yang J/2
TC 4
SO SCI CHINA SCI
PY 2024
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 600
AR Savanna RL/1, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V695 LNNS, P515, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-3043-2_40
TI A Wearable Device for Respiratory Diseases Monitoring in Crowded Spaces.
   Case Study of COVID-19
AU Savanna RL/1; Hanyurwimfura D; Nsenga J; Rwigema J
TC 4
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB The necessary measures need to be put in place for the fulfillment of good
   health and hygiene's Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). As reported by
   (WHO), chronic respiratory diseases are on the rise, especially in
   developing countries resulting in over four million deaths annually across
   the globe.  In addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, some other highly
   contagious respiratory diseases include tuberculosis and influenza which can
   be also monitored.  Since it is difficult to identify an infected person in
   order to avoid transmissions, this research is proposed as a measure to
   control and minimize the spread of such diseases.  It aims at developing an
   artificial intelligence (AI)-powered system able to monitor the risk of
   respiratory diseases spreading using a wearable device.  In this study, we
   propose a contactless system to detect an environment with a high risk of
   contamination.  The device applies Internet of Things (IoT) sensing
   technologies for data collection from the user's immediate surrounding
   environment (cough sound and body temperature) and machine learning (ML)
   algorithms for data analysis to predict a possible exposure to respiratory
   diseases.  The user will get alerts to take appropriate actions to avoid
   possible infections.  The collected data is also sent to the cloud from time
   to time via cellular networks for further analytics and future research.
   This will be an improvement to existing cloud-based solutions considering
   connectivity and energy constraints in Africa and the need for real-time
   response.  AI capabilities will move from the cloud to the data source (edge
   devices) using TinyML. © 2024, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE iot; machine learning; respiratory diseases; tinyml; wearable device
ID data analytics; developing countries; disease control; machine learning;
   pulmonary diseases; sustainable development; wearable technology; case-
   studies; contact less; crowded space; disease monitoring; disease spreading;
   high risk of contamination; machine learning; sensing technology; tinyml;
   wearable devices; internet of things

---

UT 607
AR Rajendra Prasad C, 2024, ASIA PAC CONF INNOV TECHNOL APCIT, DOI
   10.1109/APCIT62007.2024.10673501
TI TinyML-based Real-Time System for Detecting Falls in Elderly People
AU Rajendra Prasad C; Naga Satwik GV; Phaneeshwari E; Moola R; Pranith K;
   Rakshit Rao D
TC 4
SO ASIA PAC CONF INNOV TECHNOL APCIT
PY 2024
AB Falls are one of the leading causes of death in elderly people.  This can
   even lead to serious injuries or, in some cases, be fatal.  The main issue
   is not just the fall itself but the lack of timely help afterwards, which
   causes more health problems.  That is why having a system that can detect
   when a fall is crucial for the elderly.  In this paper, a tinyML-based real-
   time system for detecting falls in elderly people was presented.  Machine
   learning seems to be a perfect approach for the proposed system since it has
   the capability of learning from the available data and predicting the output
   observing various patterns and comparing them.  Machine learning is perfect
   for this, but it usually needs a lot of power, which small embedded devices
   such as smartwatches do not have.  That is where tiny ML comes in.  This is
   a lighter version of machine learning that works well on small devices even
   with less processing power.  Using tiny ML will make our proposed model
   strong and efficient compared to other similar existing models, with better
   performance and compromised processing.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE arduino nano; edge impulse; elderly fall detection; machine learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; federated learning;
   arduino nano; causes of death; edge impulse; elderly fall detection; elderly
   falls; elderly people; fall detection; machine learning; real-time system;
   tinyml; fall detection

---

UT 628
AR Paissan F, 2024, PROC ANNU CONF INT SPEECH COMMUN ASSOC INTERSPEECH, P1685,
   DOI 10.21437/Interspeech.2024-193
TI tinyCLAP: Distilling Contrastive Language-Audio Pretrained models
AU Paissan F; Farella E
TC 4
SO PROC ANNU CONF INT SPEECH COMMUN ASSOC INTERSPEECH
PY 2024
AB Contrastive Language-Audio Pretraining (CLAP) became of crucial importance
   in the field of audio and speech processing.  Its employment ranges from
   sound event detection to text-to-audio generation.  However, one of the main
   limitations is the considerable amount of data required in the training
   process and the overall computational complexity during inference.  This
   paper investigates how we can reduce the complexity of contrastive language-
   audio pre-trained models, yielding an efficient model that we call tinyCLAP.
   We derive an unimodal distillation loss from first principles and explore
   how the dimensionality of the shared, multimodal latent space can be reduced
   via pruning.  tinyCLAP uses only 6% of the original Microsoft CLAP
   parameters with a minimal reduction (less than 5%) in zero-shot
   classification performance across the three sound event detection datasets
   on which it was tested.  © 2024 International Speech Communication
   Association.  All rights reserved.
DE contrastive language-audio pre-training; distillation; pruning; sound event
   detection; tinyml; zero-shot classification
ID modeling languages; contrastive language-audio pre-training; first
   principles; pre-training; pruning; shot classification; sound event
   detection; tinyml; training process; unimodal; zero-shot classification;
   speech recognition

---

UT 629
AR Uddin MR, 2024, IEEE GREEN TECHNOL CONF, P38, DOI
   10.1109/GreenTech58819.2024.10520459
TI Voice Activated Edge Devices Using Tiny Machine Learning Enabled
   Microcontroller
AU Uddin MR; Asaduzzaman A; Le K; Medarametla RR
TC 4
SO IEEE GREEN TECHNOL CONF
PY 2024
AB In the ever-evolving landscape of technology, the integration of intelligent
   and responsive devices into our daily lives has become ubiquitous.  From
   smart homes to industrial settings, the demand for efficient and realtime
   processing at the edge of networks has spurred the development of compact
   and powerful solutions.  Studies show that one such paradigm-shifting
   advancement is the emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), which
   empowers edge devices with the capability to execute machine learning (ML)
   algorithms on constrained hardware.  The study addresses the challenge of
   balancing computational capabilities with energy consumption in voice-
   enabled edge devices.  This paper also explores the integration of TinyML,
   particularly Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), with low-powered
   microcontrollers for voice-controlled edge devices.  Using on a smart fan as
   a case study, the methodology involves data collection, CNN model design and
   training, model optimization, and deployment on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
   microcontroller.  Experimental results indicate a 95% accuracy in
   recognizing voice commands while controlling the smart fan, showcasing the
   potential of TinyML for efficient and responsive edge computing
   applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cnn; edge devices; microcontroller; ml; tinyml
ID automation; balancing; controllers; convolutional neural networks; energy
   utilization; intelligent buildings; low power electronics; machine learning;
   convolutional neural network; daily lives; edge device; industrial settings;
   machine learning algorithms; machine learning; real-time processing; smart
   homes; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 639
AR Karavaev A, 2024, SOFTWAREX, V27, DOI 10.1016/j.softx.2024.101778
TI TinyDecisionTreeClassifier: Embedded C++ library for training and applying
   decision trees on the edge
AU Karavaev A; Hejda J; Kutilek P; Volf P; Sokol M; Leova L
TC 4
SO SOFTWAREX
PY 2024
AB Machine learning and AI remain hot topics in research.  However, most
   machine-learning models are trained and applied to big data.  Major
   electronics parts manufacturers are actively working on simplifying the
   deployment of machine learning models to their chips.  Software companies
   provide microcontroller code generation after the training data are uploaded
   to their platform.  Unfortunately, most of the available open-source
   solutions do not support training models on the edge.  The proposed
   TinyDecisionTreeClassifier is a standalone open-source C++ library that
   allows both training and deployment on the edge.  This paper also covers the
   deployment and benchmark of the software performance and power consumption
   on some of the commonly used microcontrollers.  © 2024 The Authors
DE arduino; c++; decision tree; machine learning; tinyml
ID benchmarking; c++ ( programming language ); machine learning;
   microcontrollers; open source software; arduino; c++; c++ libraries;
   codegeneration; electronic parts; hot topics; machine learning models;
   machine learning; software company; tinyml; decision trees

---

UT 648
AR Zhou Y, 2024, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN60899.2024.10650997
TI Deep Neural Network Pruning with Progressive Regularizer
AU Zhou Y; Zhao H; Hefenbrock M; Li S/1; Huang Y/1; Beigl M
TC 4
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB Pruning is a pivotal approach in network compression.  It not only
   encourages lightweight deep neural networks, but also helps to mitigate
   overfitting.  Generally, regularization is used to guide more parameters
   towards zero and thus reduce the overall model complexity.  Unfortunately,
   there are two issues remaining unsolved in regularization based pruning.
   One is that the optimal trade-off between regularization and loss
   minimization, often expressed via a scaling hyperparameter, needs to be
   found through extensive experimentation.  The other one is the importance
   criteria that can reflect the true relative importance.  The most widely
   used criterion is the magnitude-based, which has been argued to be
   inaccurate.  To these two issues, in this paper, we propose a progressive
   regularization scheme, in which the factor scaling the regularization term
   is gradually increased during training, until the target sparsity for filter
   pruning is reached.  Compared to the previous approach, the scaling factor
   is no longer a hyperparameter that needs to be tuned, but is replaced with a
   sparsity-aware parameter that increases progressively.  In this way, the
   value of the scaling factor can be automatically aligned with the target
   sparsity, avoiding the drawbacks in its tuning.  Furthermore, only
   parameters below a minimal and learnable soft threshold are pruned,
   therefore, informative parameters (even with small magnitudes) are optimally
   preserved.  Consequently, the performance loss due to pruning is mitigated.
   Experiments with various models and benchmark datasets prove the
   effectiveness of the proposed method.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE lightweight; neural network; progressive regularizer; tiny machine learning
ID adversarial machine learning; deep neural networks; hyper-parameter;
   lightweight; machine learning; neural networks; progressive regularizer;
   regularization; regularizer; scaling factors; scalings; tiny machine
   learning

---

UT 669
AR Sadiq S, 2024, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V11, P11471, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2023.3331654
TI Enabling ImageNet-Scale Deep Learning on MCUs for Accurate and Efficient
   Inference
AU Sadiq S; Hare J; Craske S; Maji P; Merrett G
TC 4
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2024
AB Conventional approaches to Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) achieve high
   accuracy by deploying the largest deep learning model with the highest input
   resolutions that fit within the size constraints imposed by the
   microcontroller's (MCUs) fast internal storage and memory.  In this article,
   we perform an in-depth analysis of prior works to show that models derived
   within these constraints suffer from low accuracy and, surprisingly, high
   latency.  We propose an alternative approach that enables the deployment of
   efficient models with low inference latency, but free from the constraints
   of internal memory.  We take a holistic view of typical MCU architectures
   and utilize plentiful but slower external memories to relax internal storage
   and memory constraints.  To avoid the lower speed of external memory
   impacting inference latency, we build on the TinyOps inference framework,
   which performs operation partitioning and uses overlays via DMA, to
   accelerate the latency.  Using insights from our study, we deploy efficient
   models from the TinyOps design space onto a range of embedded MCUs achieving
   record performance on TinyML ImageNet classification with up to 6.7% higher
   accuracy and 1.4× faster latency compared to state-of-the-art internal
   memory approaches.  © 2014 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence of things ( aiot ); convolutional neural networks (
   cnns ); deep learning; edge ai; embedded systems; internet of things ( iot
   ); machine learning; microcontrollers ( mcus ); neural networks ( nns );
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID controllers; deep learning; embedded systems; internet of things; neural
   networks; artificial intelligence of thing; brain modeling; computational
   modeling; convolutional neural network; deep learning; edge ai; embedded-
   system; internet of thing; machine learning; memory-management; neural
   network; neural networks; performances evaluation; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 695
AR Pradhan N, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P283, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00017-8
TI 6TiSCH adaptive scheduling for Industrial Internet of Things
AU Pradhan N; Chaudhari BS; Zennaro M
TC 4
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB The Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) enables automation, optimization,
   and remote access by merging information technology (IT) with operational
   technology.  Tiny machine learning (TinyML) complements the IIoT by
   deploying lightweight machine learning algorithms on resource-constrained
   devices.  This convergence opens opportunities for intelligent decision
   making at the edge, optimizing industrial processes such as predictive
   maintenance, quality control, and operational efficiency.  6TiSCH scheduling
   technology provides determinism and reliability in IIoT environments,
   addressing various challenges and enhancing network performance.  With
   benefits like real-time decision-making, edge intelligence, adaptability,
   and reduced bandwidth requirements, TinyML and 6TiSCH scheduling contribute
   to the advancement of the IIoT by empowering edge devices and improving
   overall system efficiency, privacy, and security.  Scheduling strategies in
   6TiSCH include centralized scheduling, distributed scheduling, and
   autonomous scheduling.  The choice of scheduling strategy depends on the
   specific QoS requirements of the IIoT application and the available network
   resources.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those
   for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE 6tisch; adaptive; autonomous; deterministic; iiot; qos; scheduling; tinyml;
   traffic-aware

---

UT 698
AR Vorabbi L, 2024, PROC INT JT CONF COMPUT VIS IMAGING COMPUT GR THEORY APPL,
   V2, P25, DOI 10.5220/0012269000003660
TI Enabling On-Device Continual Learning with Binary Neural Networks and Latent
   Replay
AU Vorabbi L; Maltoni D; Borghi G; Santi S
TC 4
SO PROC INT JT CONF COMPUT VIS IMAGING COMPUT GR THEORY APPL
PY 2024
AB On-device learning remains a formidable challenge, especially when dealing
   with resource-constrained devices that have limited computational
   capabilities.  This challenge is primarily rooted in two key issues: first,
   the memory available on embedded devices is typically insufficient to
   accommodate the memory-intensive back-propagation algorithm, which often
   relies on floating-point precision.  Second, the development of learning
   algorithms on models with extreme quantization levels, such as Binary Neural
   Networks (BNNs), is critical due to the drastic reduction in bit
   representation.  In this study, we propose a solution that combines recent
   advancements in the field of Continual Learning (CL) and Binary Neural
   Networks to enable on-device training while maintaining competitive
   performance.  Specifically, our approach leverages binary latent replay (LR)
   activations and a novel quantization scheme that significantly reduces the
   number of bits required for gradient computation.  The experimental
   validation demonstrates a significant accuracy improvement in combination
   with a noticeable reduction in memory requirement, confirming the
   suitability of our approach in expanding the practical applications of deep
   learning in real-world scenarios.  © 2024 by SCITEPRESS – Science and
   Technology Publications, Lda.
DE binary neural networks; continual learning; on-device learning; tinyml

---

UT 712
AR Okoronkwo C, 2024, IEEE INT CONF EMERG SUSTAIN TECHNOL POWER ICT DEV SOC
   NIGERCON, DOI 10.1109/NIGERCON62786.2024.10927306
TI Optimization of Waste Management Disposal Using Edge Impulse Studio on Tiny-
   Machine Learning (Tiny-ML)
AU Okoronkwo C; Ikerionwu C; Ramsurrun V; Seeam A; Esomonu N; Obodoagwu V
TC 4
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG SUSTAIN TECHNOL POWER ICT DEV SOC NIGERCON
PY 2024
AB This study explores the implementation of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) for
   object detection to automate and trigger events based on inferences.  The
   system integrates a camera module with an Arduino Nano BLE Sense
   microcontroller.  The system leverages Edge Impulse for the machine learning
   model.  The primary objective is to enhance waste management efficiency by
   ensuring that refuse bins open only when the correct type of waste is
   presented.  This automation aims to reduce contamination in recycling
   streams and improve the accuracy of waste sorting.  This research includes
   the design and training of the TinyML model, integration with the camera,
   microcontroller and real-world testing to evaluate the system's accuracy and
   responsiveness.  Preliminary results indicated 93.38% accuracy in waste
   object detection and significant improvements in waste management processes.
   This approach demonstrated the potential of TinyML in creating smart,
   sustainable solutions for environmental challenges.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE data; detection; edge; machine learning; microcontroller; tinyml; waste
ID electronic waste; industrial waste disposal; waste treatment; wastewater
   disposal; data; detection; edge; event-based; machine learning models;
   machine learning; objects detection; optimizations; tiny machine learning;
   refuse disposal

---

UT 731
AR Santoshi Anusha PV, 2024, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V36, P639, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v36.i1.pp639-646
TI Digital transformation technologies for conveyor belts predictive
   maintenance: a review
AU Santoshi Anusha PV; Peravali S; Koti Reddy DVR
TC 4
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB The availability of condition-monitoring data has increased due to internet
   of things (IoT) technologies, providing information on various parameters
   like vibration, temperature, current, and voltage.  Cloud computing and big
   data facilitate the prevention of failures and estimation of remaining
   useful life through advanced mathematical models and artificial intelligence
   (AI) techniques.  These enable prompt and suitable maintenance actions.
   This article conducts a systematic review of digital transformation
   technologies, including cloud computing, edge computing, AI, machine
   learning (ML), and TinyML, in predictive maintenance for conveyor belt
   systems.  This article reviews how these digital transformation technologies
   improve predictive maintenance strategies for conveyor belts.  The
   systematic review summarizes the results and challenges of various
   methodologies used in conveyor belt systems and suggests areas for further
   research.  This paper aimed to serve as a useful resource for researchers,
   practitioners, and industry professionals seeking insights into current
   predictive maintenance technologies for conveyor belt systems.  The
   takeaways of the review are expected to ignite discussion on efficient and
   proactive maintenance strategies and promote the development of innovative
   solutions for ensuring the reliability and longevity of conveyor belt
   systems in the digital era.  © 2024 Institute of Advanced Engineering and
   Science.  All rights reserved.
DE conveyor belt; industry 40; iot; machine learning algorithms; predictive
   maintenance; tinyml

---

UT 732
AR Kulkarni S, 2024, INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV APPL ICISAA, DOI
   10.1109/ICISAA62385.2024.10829307
TI Real-time Environmental Monitoring in Smart Agriculture using TinyML and
   Machine Learning
AU Kulkarni S; Bhudhwale S
TC 4
SO INT CONF INTELL SYST ADV APPL ICISAA
PY 2024
AB The necessity of this work stems from the ever-growing demand for
   sustainable agricultural practices in a world faced with environmental
   challenges and the imperative to optimize resource utilization.  In the area
   of Smart Agriculture, where precision and efficiency are paramount, real-
   time environmental monitoring assumes a pivotal role for different use
   cases.  Existing methods, while commendable, exhibit notable limitations.
   They often fall short in delivering the precision and speed required for
   monitoring and responding to dynamic environmental conditions.  Moreover,
   their ability to adapt to contextual nuances is often constrained, resulting
   in suboptimal performance levels.  To address these challenges, we propose a
   novel approach in the form of a Graph Neural Network (GNN) optimized with Q
   Learning.  This model leverages the power of deep learning and reinforcement
   learning to enhance real-time environmental monitoring in Smart Agriculture
   sets.  The incorporation of GNN enables the extraction of complex spatial
   dependencies within the agricultural ecosystem, while Q Learning optimizes
   decision-making, making it more context-aware for different scenarios.  The
   advantages of our proposed model are multi-fold.  First, it exhibits
   superior precision, accuracy, and recall, with a remarkable 5.9%, 5.5%, and
   4.9% improvement, respectively, compared to existing methods.  Additionally,
   it boasts an 8.3% higher Area Under the Curve (AUC), signifying its enhanced
   ability to discriminate between various environmental states.  Furthermore,
   our model showcases a 4.5% increase in speed,  © 2024 IEEE.
DE graph neural networks; machine learning; q-learning; scenarios; sustainable
   agriculture; tinyml
ID environmental monitoring; graph neural networks; growing demand; machine
   learning; q-learning; real- time; scenario; smart agricultures; sustainable
   agriculture; tinyml; environmental monitoring

---

UT 753
AR Dey S, 2024, EDGEFM - PROC WORK EDGE MOB MODEL, P10, DOI
   10.1145/3662006.3662061
TI Towards a Task-agnostic Distillation Methodology for Creating Edge
   Foundation Models
AU Dey S; Mukherjee A; Ukil A; Pal A
TC 4
SO EDGEFM - PROC WORK EDGE MOB MODEL
PY 2024
AB In recent years, AI has undergone significant changes.  Firstly, there is a
   growing recognition of the need to deploy inference models based on Deep
   Neural Networks (DNNs) on edge devices.  Secondly, there is an increasing
   demand for low-energy inferencing and continuous online learning,
   particularly in dynamic environments.  Thirdly, foundation models, trained
   on broad datasets for diverse applications, are gaining prominence.  In
   closed-loop systems like robotics, there is a need to use foundation models
   at the edge due to practical constraints in training new models for every
   environment or data type.  This article addresses issues in current edge
   computing scenarios and proposes Edge Foundation models as a solution.  We
   introduce a task-agnostic distillation method for generating compact yet
   generalized models and present preliminary proof-of-concept results,
   demonstrating the potential of Edge Foundation models to accelerate Edge AI
   adoption.  © 2024 ACM.
DE deep learning; edge; foundation models; istillation; tinyml
ID closed loop systems; deep neural networks; foundations; learning systems;
   deep learning; dynamic environments; edge; foundation models; inference
   models; istillation; lower energies; model-based opc; online learning;
   tinyml; distillation

---

UT 760
AR Brennan D, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24020560
TI Evaluation of a Machine Learning Algorithm to Classify Ultrasonic Transducer
   Misalignment and Deployment Using TinyML
AU Brennan D; Galvin P
TC 4
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB The challenge for ultrasonic (US) power transfer systems, in
   implanted/wearable medical devices, is to determine when misalignment occurs
   (e.g., due to body motion) and apply directional correction accordingly.  In
   this study, a number of machine learning algorithms were evaluated to
   classify US transducer misalignment, based on data signal transmissions
   between the transmitter and receiver.  Over seven hundred US signals were
   acquired across a range of transducer misalignments.  Signal envelopes and
   spectrograms were used to train and evaluate machine learning (ML)
   algorithms, classifying misalignment extent.  The algorithms included an
   autoencoder, convolutional neural network (CNN) and neural network (NN). The
   best performing algorithm, was deployed onto a TinyML device for evaluation.
   Such systems exploit low power microcontrollers developed specifically
   around edge device applications, where algorithms were configured to run on
   low power, restricted memory systems.  TensorFlow Lite and Edge Impulse,
   were used to deploy trained models onto the edge device, to classify signals
   according to transducer misalignment extent.  TinyML deployment,
   demonstrated near real-time (<350 ms) signal classification achieving
   accuracies > 99%. This opens the possibility to apply such ML alignment
   algorithms to US arrays (capacitive micro-machined ultrasonic transducer
   (CMUT), piezoelectric micro-machined ultrasonic transducer (PMUT) devices)
   capable of beam-steering, significantly enhancing power delivery in
   implanted and body worn systems.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE machine learning; tinyml; ultrasonic
ID alignment; energy transfer; learning algorithms; machine learning; signal
   receivers; body motions; data signals; machine learning algorithms; machine
   learning; micromachined ultrasonic transducer; power transfer systems;
   signal transmission; tinyml; ultrasonic power; wearable medical devices;
   adult; algorithm; article; autoencoder; body movement; capacitive
   micromachined ultrasonic transducer; controlled study; convolutional neural
   network; human; learning algorithm; machine learning; nerve cell network;
   nonhuman; piezoelectric micromachined ultrasonic transducer; signal
   transduction; therapy; ultrasound; ultrasound transducer; wearable device;
   ultrasonic transducers

---

UT 764
AR Samaras G, 2024, INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS, DOI
   10.1109/SmartNets61466.2024.10577687
TI Unlocking the Path Towards Automation of Tiny Machine Learning for Edge
   Computing
AU Samaras G; Mertiri M; Xezonaki M-E; Psaromanolakis N; Theodorou V; Bozios T
TC 4
SO INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS
PY 2024
AB ThirstyAI and resource-constrained environments have become evergrowing
   challenges for Machine Learning (ML), especially large-scale Deep Learning
   (DL) models.  This paper introduces NanoDeploy Automator, an Automated
   Machine Learning (AutoML) subsystem for the TANDEM native Artificial
   Intelligence (AI) edge platform, designed for efficient and reliable Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML), addressing the need for smaller models with
   minimal loss of accuracy and automated model compression and deployment at
   the edge.  This work has been conducted in scope of project TANDEM and is
   currently expanded and adapted, forming the basis for the TinyML mechanisms
   of project SUNRISE-6G. The paper showcases the novel application of Time
   Generative Pre-Trained Transformer (TimeGPT) in real-world Internet of
   Things (IoT) scenarios, emphasizing three key contributions: a cutting-edge
   Automated TinyML (AutoTinyML) pipeline, the integration of TimeGPT in IoT,
   and a comprehensive evaluation of time series forecasting and anomaly
   detection techniques.  Evaluation results demonstrate the efficiency of the
   AutoTinyML pipeline in terms of accuracy and model compression.  The
   proposed system holds promise for diverse applications, leveraging the power
   of AutoTinyML, and reflects a significant stride towards democratizing
   access to accurate predictions and reducing uncertainty in edge computing
   scenarios, eliminating the need for a dedicated team of ML engineers.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; automated machine learning; big data; edge
   computing; edge intelligence; internet of things; tiny machine learning
ID anomaly detection; automation; big data; deep learning; edge computing;
   learning systems; pipelines; automated machine learning; automated machines;
   edge computing; edge intelligence; large-scales; learning models; machine
   learning; model compression; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 768
AR Li B/1, 2024, EMBED ARTIF INTELL PRINC PLATFORMS PRACT, P1, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-5038-2
TI Embedded Artificial Intelligence: Principles, Platforms and Practices
AU Li B/1
TC 4
SO EMBED ARTIF INTELL PRINC PLATFORMS PRACT
PY 2024
AB This book focuses on the emerging topic of embedded artificial intelligence
   and provides a systematic summary of its principles, platforms, and
   practices.  In the section on principles, it analyzes three main approaches
   for implementing embedded artificial intelligence: cloud computing mode,
   local mode, and local-cloud collaborative mode.  The book identifies five
   essential components for implementing embedded artificial intelligence:
   embedded AI accelerator chips, lightweight neural network algorithms, model
   compression techniques, compiler optimization techniques, and multi-level
   cascaded application frameworks.  The platform section introduces mainstream
   embedded AI accelerator chips and software frameworks currently used in the
   industry.  The practical part outlines the development process of embedded
   artificial intelligence and showcases real-world application examples with
   accompanying code.  As a comprehensive guide to the emerging field of
   embedded artificial intelligence, the book offers rich and in-depth content,
   a clear and logical structure, and a balanced approach to both theoretical
   analysis and practical applications.  It provides significant reference
   value and can serve as an introductory and reference guide for researchers,
   scholars, students, engineers, and professionals interested in studying and
   implementing embedded artificial intelligence.  © Tsinghua University Press,
   Beijing China.  2024.
DE edge ai; embedded ai; embedded ai accelerator chip; embedded artificial
   intelligence; jetson; lightweight neural network; model compression;
   tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID acceleration; application programs; cascade control systems; cloud
   computing; compaction; embedded software; embedded systems; fighter
   aircraft; program compilers; edge ai; embedded ai; embedded ai accelerator
   chip; embedded artificial intelligence; jetson; lightweight neural network;
   model compression; neural networks; tensorflow lite; tinyml; artificial
   intelligence

---

UT 773
AR Hassan H, 2024, IEEE INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL I2CT, DOI
   10.1109/I2CT61223.2024.10543752
TI TinyML-Based Gait Recognition for User Detection on an STM32L4 IoT Node
AU Hassan H; Abdullah M; Hussain MZ; Hasan MZ; Mustafa M; Khalid A; Awan R;
   Hussain U; Khan ZA; Javaid A
TC 4
SO IEEE INT CONF CONVERG TECHNOL I2CT
PY 2024
AB Gait recognition stands out as a robust biometric tool for discerning users.
   Yet, adapting it to devices with limited resources, such as the STM32L4
   microcontroller, demands cutting-edge strategies.  This research unveils an
   innovative TinyML methodology, leveraging a specially-designed Convolutional
   Neural Network (CNN). Notably, our bespoke CNN model showcased a remarkable
   97.3% accuracy in pinpointing users on the STM32L4 system.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; gait detection; inertial sensors; iot; sensor based
   detection; tiny machine learning; user recognition
ID deep learning; gait analysis; internet of things; pattern recognition;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; gait detection; gait
   recognition; inertial sensor; iot; machine learning; sensor based detection;
   tiny machine learning; user recognition; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 804
AR Mwaura J, 2024, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE59016.2024.10444344
TI A Study on DDoS Attacks Detection on IoT Devices Using Machine Learning for
   Microcontrollers
AU Mwaura J; Araki S; Kakizaki K
TC 4
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB In recent years, there has been a proliferation of Internet of Things (IoT)
   devices, and so has been the attacks on them.  In this paper we will propose
   a methodology to detect Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks on IoT
   devices using Machine Learning for Microcontrollers.  We will discuss a
   model which we made for Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense using Machine Learning for
   Microcontrollers.  Additionally, we will discuss results of our proposal in
   detecting DDoS attacks on IoT devices.  Lastly, we will describe the
   feasibility of our model on IoT devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE ddos; iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID controllers; denial-of-service attack; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   network security; attack detection; denialof- service attacks; distributed
   denial-of-service; machine learning; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 823
AR El Adoui M, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3590956
TI Constrained Tiny Machine Learning for Predicting Gas Concentration with I4.0
   Low-cost Sensors
AU El Adoui M; Herpoel T; Frénay B
TC 4
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Low-cost gas sensors (LCS) often produce inaccurate measurements due to
   varying environmental conditions that are not consistent with laboratory
   settings, leading to inadequate productivity levels compared to high-quality
   sensors.  To address this issue, we propose the use of Machine Learning (ML)
   to predict accurate concentrations of pollutant gases acquired by LCS
   integrated into an embedded Internet of Things platform.  However, a key
   challenge is to optimize an accurate ML design under low memory and
   computation power constraints of microcontrollers (MCUs) while maintaining
   accurate ML scores.  After data analysis and pre-processing, we assess and
   analyze the performance of five ML algorithms to predict the concentration
   of pollutants gases from multiple specifications (weather, presence of other
   gases, etc.). To support the experiments, datasets from three sources are
   used: (1) VOCSens, (2) Belgian Interregional Environment Agency cell, and
   (3) Visual-Crossing.  Once the best model was optimized and validated,
   multiple hard constraints were added to the selected ML structure to satisfy
   material and expert requirements.  Trained models were ported to be
   implemented locally in a MCU after comparing several porting libraries.  The
   assembled code obtained is evaluated based on two metrics: storage memory
   consumption and inference time, relative to the highest attainable
   capacities.  The improved random forest is the best ML model for the used
   dataset with an R2 score meeting of 0.72 and Root Means Square Error of
   0.0028 ppm.  The best generated Tiny-ML model needs 3% of RAM and 98% of
   Flash storage.  The empirical results prove that the developed ML algorithm
   applied to LCS provides high accuracy to predict pollutant gases.  This
   algorithm can also be used to adjust the LCS systems to provide calibrated
   data in real time, even if the platform being used is not particularly
   advanced or powerful.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
   Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE calibration; constrained machine learning; gas concentration; low-cost
   sensors; random forest; regression; tinyml
ID costs; forestry; gasses; machine learning; microcontrollers; random access
   storage; constrained machine learning; gas concentration; gas-sensors; low-
   cost sensors; low-costs; machine learning; pollutant gas; random forests;
   regression; tinyml; forecasting

---

UT 832
AR Huang Y, 2024, HUMANSYS - PROC INT WORK HUM-CENTERED SENS NETW MULTI-DEVICE
   SYST, P1, DOI 10.1145/3698388.3699628
TI Energy Characterization of Tiny AI Accelerator-Equipped Microcontrollers
AU Huang Y; Gong T; Jang S; Kawsar F; Min C
TC 4
SO HUMANSYS - PROC INT WORK HUM-CENTERED SENS NETW MULTI-DEVICE SYST
PY 2024
AB Tiny AI accelerators are seamlessly integrated into wearable devices due to
   their small form factor, enabling human sensing applications to run solely
   on wearables.  However, despite this potential, the energy characterization
   of these tiny AI accelerators has been hardly studied, which is a key
   enabler for realizing such applications in our daily lives.  In this paper,
   we present a comprehensive analysis of the energy characterization of ultra-
   low power microcontrollers using MAX78000 manufactured by Analog Device.  We
   detailed the hardware components and their supported power configurations.
   We then conducted extensive benchmarks at micro and macro levels.  For
   micro-level benchmarks, we evaluated the power/energy consumption under
   individual system configuration involved in each operation–sensing, AI
   inference, computation, memory I/O, and idle.  For macro-level benchmarks,
   we analyzed the impact of system-wide configurations on overall energy
   consumption of end-to-end application pipelines.  Our findings offer
   valuable insights into energy optimization for wearable systems with on-
   device and human-centered sensing technologies.  © 2024 Copyright held by
   the owner/author(s).
DE energy; machine learning; microcontrollers; tiny ai accelerator
ID benchmarking; energy utilization; particle accelerators; daily lives;
   energy; energy characterization; energy-consumption; human sensing; machine
   learning; sensing applications; small form factors; tiny ai accelerator;
   wearable devices; microcontrollers

---

UT 858
AR Lamchoudi S, 2024, INT CONF INTELL SYST COMPUT VIS ISCV, DOI
   10.1109/ISCV60512.2024.10620147
TI Clothing Type and Color Classification Using TinyML
AU Lamchoudi S; Miftah R; Mourhir A
TC 4
SO INT CONF INTELL SYST COMPUT VIS ISCV
PY 2024
AB This paper introduces an edge-AI system designed to assist visually impaired
   individuals in achieving greater independence in clothing selection by
   specifically detecting both the type and color of the garments.  We use
   embedded machine learning within a user centric approach to bring together
   TinyML and intelligent devices for a real-time cloth and color detection
   system.  We finetune MobileNetV2 on a clothing dataset curated from fashion
   cloth images.  The results show that the model achieved an accuracy of 89%
   and an F1-score of 88%. We also considered edge deployment to make the
   solution available real-time in tiny devices for the visually impaired
   people.  We use post-training quantization to reduce the model's size and
   evaluate deployment options for Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense (Cortex-M4F
   64MHz). The quantized model achieves a minimal latency of 177 milliseconds,
   requiring only 60KB of RAM and 109KB of storage memory, making it an optimal
   choice for deployment on our tiny device.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE arduino nano 33 ble sense; cloth classification; deep learning; mobilenetv2;
   quantization; tinyml
ID hosiery manufacture; ai systems; arduino nano 33 ble sense; cloth
   classification; color classification; deep learning; mobilenetv2;
   quantization; real- time; tinyml; type classifications; deep learning

---

UT 881
AR Ibrahim MFR, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P5, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502566
TI Artifact: End-to-End Multi-Modal Tiny-CNN for Cardiovascular Monitoring on
   Sensor Patches
AU Ibrahim MFR; Alkanat T; Meijer M; Schlaefer A; Stelldinger P
TC 4
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB This document describes the content and usage of the code artifact files of
   the original paper 'End-to-End Multi-Modal Tiny-CNN for Cardiovascular
   Monitoring on Sensor Patches'. In that work, we show the feasibility of
   applying deep learning for the classification of synchronized
   electrocardiogram and phonocardiogram recordings under very tight resource
   constraints.  Our model employs an early fusion of data and uses
   convolutional layers to solve the problem of binary classification of
   anomalies.  We use the 'training-a' dataset of the Physionet Challenge 2016
   database for evaluation.  Further, we demonstrate the applicability of our
   model on edge devices, such as sensor patches, by estimating processor
   performance, power consumption, and silicon area.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artifact; edge computing; patient monitoring; sensor patches; smart sensing;
   tinyml
ID edge computing; patient monitoring; artifact; cardiovascular monitoring;
   edge computing; end to end; multi-modal; phonocardiograms; resource
   constraint; sensor patch; smart sensing; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 916
AR Okubo I, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P155773, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3480977
TI A Cost-Efficient FPGA-Based CNN-Transformer Using Neural ODE
AU Okubo I; Sugiura K; Matsutani H
TC 4
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB Transformer has been adopted to image recognition tasks and shown to
   outperform CNNs and RNNs while it suffers from high training cost and
   computational complexity.  To address these issues, a hybrid approach has
   become a recent research trend, which replaces a part of ResNet with an MHSA
   (Multi-Head Self-Attention). In this paper, we propose a lightweight hybrid
   model which uses Neural ODE (Ordinary Differential Equation) as a backbone
   instead of ResNet so that we can increase the number of iterations of
   building blocks while reusing the same parameters, mitigating the increase
   in parameter size per iteration.  The proposed model is deployed on a
   modest-sized FPGA device for edge computing.  The model is further quantized
   by QAT (Quantization Aware Training) scheme to reduce FPGA resource
   utilization while suppressing the accuracy loss.  The quantized model
   achieves 79.68% top-1 accuracy for STL10 dataset that contains 96× 96 pixel
   images.  The weights of the feature extraction network are stored on-chip to
   minimize the memory transfer overhead, allowing faster inference.  By
   eliminating the overhead of memory transfers, inference can be executed
   seamlessly, leading to accelerated inference.  The proposed FPGA
   implementation accelerates the backbone and MHSA parts by 34.01× , and
   achieves an overall 9.85× speedup when taking into account the software pre-
   and post-processing.  The FPGA acceleration leads to 7.10× better energy
   efficiency compared to the ARM Cortex-A53 CPU. The proposed lightweight
   Transformer model is demonstrated on Xilinx ZCU104 board for the image
   recognition of 96× 96 pixel images in this paper and can be applied to
   different image sizes by modifying the pre-processing layer.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; machine learning; tiny machine learning
ID digital arithmetic; optical character recognition; building blockes; cost-
   efficient; hybrid approach; hybrid model; number of iterations; pixel
   images; pre-processing; recent researches; research trends; training costs;
   iterative methods

---

UT 924
AR Kulkarni V, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P87, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00010-5
TI TinyML using neural networks for resource-constrained devices
AU Kulkarni V; Jujare V
TC 4
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB TinyML has emerged as a promising field that focuses on deploying machine
   learning models on extremely low-power, embedded devices.  This chapter
   explores the integration of TinyML techniques with deep neural networks,
   enabling efficient inference and real-time decision-making on edge devices.
   Deep neural networks have revolutionized numerous fields, ranging from
   computer vision and natural language processing to robotics and autonomous
   systems.  These powerful models excel at capturing complex patterns and
   making accurate predictions, but their deployment on resource-constrained
   devices remains a significant challenge.  To overcome the limitations of
   traditional deep neural network implementations, TinyML presents several
   state-of-the-art methodologies that leverage it in deep neural networks,
   such as pruning and shrinking.  These approaches aim to strike a balance
   between model size, accuracy, and performance, ensuring that deep neural
   networks can be effectively deployed on devices with limited computational
   capabilities.  Additionally, the chapter discusses the challenges and trade-
   offs associated with incorporating TinyML into deep neural networks.  It
   addresses issues related to model accuracy, latency, and the impact of
   quantization on inference results.  Finally, the chapter concludes by
   highlighting the significance of TinyML in enabling intelligent applications
   at the edge.  By leveraging the combination of deep neural networks and
   TinyML, a wide range of industries can benefit from on-device AI
   capabilities, including healthcare, agriculture, and defense.  © 2024 by
   Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those for text and data
   mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE deep neural networks; edge devices; resource-constrained devices; tinyml

---

UT 930
AR Letsioue A, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P476, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00055
TI Hierarchical Inference at the Edge: A Batch Processing Approach
AU Letsioue A; Moothedathts VN; Beherae AP; Champatie JP; Grosse J
TC 4
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB Deep learning (DL) applications have rapidly evolved to address increasingly
   complex tasks by leveraging large-scale, resource-intensive models.
   However, deploying such models on low-power devices is not practical or
   economically scalable.  While cloud-centric solutions satisfy these
   computational demands, they present challenges in terms of communication
   costs and latencies for real-Time applications when every computation task
   is offloaded.  To mitigate these concerns, hierarchical inference (HI)
   frameworks have been proposed, enabling edge devices equipped with small ML
   models to collaborate with edge servers by selectively offloading complex
   tasks.  Existing HI approaches depend on immediate offloading of data upon
   selection, which can lead to inefficiencies due to frequent communication,
   especially in time-varying wireless environments.  In this work, we
   introduce Batch HI, an approach that offloads samples in batches, thereby
   reducing communication overhead and improving system efficiency while
   achieving similar performance as existing HI methods.  Additionally, we find
   the optimal batch size that attains a crucial balance between responsiveness
   and system time, tailored to specific user requirements.  Numerical results
   confirm the effectiveness of our approach, highlighting the scenarios where
   batching is particularly beneficial.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE batching; edge computing; hierarchical inference; offloading decisions;
   regret bound; responsiveness; tinyml
ID batch data processing; deep learning; batching; complex task; edge
   computing; hierarchical inference; large-scales; offloading decision;
   processing approach; regret bounds; responsiveness; tinyml; computation
   offloading

---

UT 524
AR Müller H, 2024, SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT, V32 SPAR, P292, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-76424-0_52
TI GAP9Shield: A 150GOPS AI-Capable Ultra-low Power Module for Vision
   and Ranging Applications on Nano-drones
AU Müller H; Kartsch V; Benini L
TC 3
SO SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT
PY 2024
AB The evolution of AI and digital signal processing technologies, combined
   with affordable energy-efficient processors, has propelled the development
   of hardware and software for drone applications.  Nano-drones, which fit
   into the palm of the hand, are suitable for indoor environments and safe for
   human interaction; however, they often fail to deliver the required
   performance for complex tasks due to the lack of hardware providing
   sufficient sensing and computing performance.  Addressing this gap, we
   present the GAP9Shield, a nano-drone-compatible module powered by the GAP9,
   a 150GOPS-capable SoC. The system also includes a 5 MP camera for high-
   definition imaging, a Wi-Fi-BLE module, and a 5-directional laser-based
   ranging subsystem, enabling obstacle avoidance capabilities.  Compared with
   similar state-of-the-art systems, GAP9Shield provides a 20% higher sample
   rate (RGB images) while offering 15% weight reduction.  In this paper, we
   also highlight the energy efficiency and processing power capabilities of
   GAP9 for object detection using deep learning (YOLO), localization using a
   particle filter, and mapping, which can run within a power envelope of below
   100 mW and at low latency (as 17 ms for object detection), highlighting the
   transformative potential of GAP9 for the new generation of nano-drone
   applications.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE nano-drone; nano-uav; risc-v; tinyml
ID deep learning; digital storage; nanorobotics; nanorobots; nanosatellites;
   digital signals; energy efficient; nano-drone; nano-uav; objects detection;
   power module; risc-v; signal processing technologies; tinyml; ultra-low
   power; drones

---

UT 552
AR Porsia A, 2024, PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT WORK SPEC SESS CF COMPANION, P63,
   DOI 10.1145/3637543.3652877
TI Model theft attack against a tinyML application running on an Ultra-Low-
   Power Open-Source SoC
AU Porsia A; Ruospo A; Sanchez E
TC 3
SO PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT WORK SPEC SESS CF COMPANION
PY 2024
AB With the advent of tinyML, IoT devices have expanded their range of
   operations from simple data gathering and transmission to full-fledged
   inference.  This expansion has been further enabled by the rise in
   popularity of open-source hardware, with the RISC-V architecture being the
   most prominent example.  TinyML's decentralization can solve the current
   privacy and security issues of IoT infrastructures.  However, it also shifts
   the burden of security on already resource-constrained devices.  Ultra-low-
   power devices, in particular, often sacrifice security features for energy
   and area efficiency.  This work aims at showing that, in the context of edge
   computing based on open-source hardware, neglecting hardware security
   features for the sake of efficiency is not an acceptable trade-off with
   respect to AI security.  © 2024 Owner/Author.
DE hardware security; open source hardware; tinyml; ultra-low-power hardware
ID computing power; economic and social effects; hardware security; internet of
   things; open source software; open systems; security systems; data
   gathering; low power hardware; open source; open source hardwares; security
   features; simple++; theft attack; tinyml; ultra-low power; ultra-low-power
   hardware; system-on-chip

---

UT 557
AR Kusuma Wardana IN, 2024, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC60896.2024.10561089
TI Low-Cost SCADA/HMI with Tiny Machine Learning for Monitoring Indoor CO2
   Concentration
AU Kusuma Wardana IN; Fahmy SA; Gardner JW
TC 3
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2024
AB Concerns about indoor air pollution are increasing as individuals spend much
   of their time indoors, with carbon dioxide being a notable concern.  The
   increasing interest in developing low-cost gas sensors for indoor air
   quality monitoring has led to a surge in air quality data generated by these
   sensing devices.  This growing volume of data creates opportunities for
   implementing machine learning methods in air quality research.  However, a
   challenge of these indoor sensing devices is their resource-constrained
   memory and computing capabilities, making deploying machine learning
   algorithms challenging.  This paper explores integration of low-cost
   Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) with tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) for effective monitoring of current and prediction of future C02
   concentrations.  The trained predictors produce RMSE ranging from
   approximately 0.5-7 ppm when predicting future C02 concentrations 1, 15, and
   30 minutes ahead.  Moreover, the models consistently yield confident R2
   scores, ranging from approximately 0.8 to 0.99. © 2024 IEEE.
DE air pollution; machine learning; microcontroller; scadaihmi; tinyml
ID air quality; carbon dioxide; costs; data acquisition; learning algorithms;
   machine learning; air quality data; co 2 concentration; gas-sensors; indoor
   air quality monitoring; low-costs; machine learning; scadaihmi; sensing
   devices; supervisory control and data acquisition; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 562
AR Vivekanand CV, 2024, PROC INT CONF CONTEMP COMPUT INFORMATICS IC3I, P529,
   DOI 10.1109/IC3I61595.2024.10828932
TI Tiny ML-based Non-Invasive Approach of Cardiac Monitoring
AU Vivekanand CV; Purushothaman R; Inbamalar TM; Ciyamala Kushbu S; Selvam MAJ
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF CONTEMP COMPUT INFORMATICS IC3I
PY 2024
AB Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are a leading cause of mortality worldwide,
   necessitating the development of effective and continuous cardiac monitoring
   solutions.  Advances in non-invasive monitoring and Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) have enabled new possibilities for real-time, remote health
   assessment.  This study introduces a novel cardiac monitoring system using
   TinyML to analyze Electrocardiogram (ECG) and Photoplethysmography (PPG)
   waveforms collected from wearable sensors.  The collected signals undergo
   rigorous pre-processing, including noise reduction and robust feature
   extraction, to ensure data integrity.  Spectral analysis techniques, such as
   Mel-Frequency Cepstrum (MFC) and Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCC),
   are employed to extract meaningful features from ECG and PPG signals.  The
   convolutional neural network (CNN) model is optimized for deploying on the
   resource-constrained environment of the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense.  The
   model achieves high accuracy in real-time heart state classification, with
   up to 96.4% accuracy for ECG classification and 100% for PPG classification,
   while maintaining low computational overhead.  These results demonstrate the
   effectiveness of TinyML usecase for wearable devices in early diagnosis and
   remote management of CVDs, highlighting the potential for future
   advancements in Edge AIbased healthcare solutions.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cvd; ecg; edge ai; hrv; ppg; tinyml
ID cardiology; convolutional neural networks; diseases; electrocardiograms;
   heart; image thinning; non-invasive medical procedures;
   photoplethysmography; remote patient monitoring; wearable technology;
   cardiac monitoring; cardiovascular disease; edge ai; health assessments;
   hrv; machine learning; monitoring system; non-invasive monitoring; real-
   time; tiny machine learning; noise abatement

---

UT 576
AR Malche T, 2024, ENG PROC, V82, DOI 10.3390/ecsa-11-20352
TI A TinyML Approach to Real-Time Snoring Detection in Resource-Constrained
   Wearables Devices †
AU Malche T; Tharewal S; Maheshwary P
TC 3
SO ENG PROC
PY 2024
AB This study proposes a health monitoring system for snoring detection
   utilizing Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models, specifically designed for
   resource-constrained wearable Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  This
   research addresses significant constraints associated with running machine
   learning models on IoT devices, such as latency, limited memory, and low
   computational resources.  These parameters are essential for real-time
   monitoring in healthcare applications, where prompt response is critical.
   The research focuses on developing a TinyML model capable of identifying
   specific audio patterns related to snoring during sleep.  Experimental
   evaluations conducted in real-world sleep environments with the TinyML model
   deployed on resource-constrained wearable IoT devices.  The evaluation
   results show that the proposed model achieves high accuracy while utilizing
   minimal computational resources and without introducing latency issues.
   Through the integration of audio (Syntiant) and advanced audio preprocessing
   techniques, the proposed system improves the efficiency of the TinyML model
   on wearable devices.  The quantized TinyML model achieved an accuracy of
   95.85% with a low latency of 48 ms, utilizing only 17.0K of RAM and 34.07K
   of flash memory for real-time snoring classification.  This study highlights
   the benefits of practical deployment of the TinyML model for snoring
   detection on resource-constrained wearable IoT devices, demonstrating that
   such models can operate effectively within the constraints of current
   wearable technology.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE healthcare monitoring; internet of things; tinyml; wearable sensors

---

UT 586
AR Ali D, 2024, IEEE INT CONF ADV TECHNOL SIGNAL IMAGE PROCESS ATSIP, P267, DOI
   10.1109/ATSIP62566.2024.10638900
TI Assessing the Efficacy of TinyML Implementations on STM32 Microcontrollers:
   A Performance Evaluation Study
AU Ali D; Ridha EH; Mohamed N
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF ADV TECHNOL SIGNAL IMAGE PROCESS ATSIP
PY 2024
AB In recent years, there has been a growing need for efficient deployment of
   deep learning models on resource-limited edge devices.  This trend has
   prompted the development of NVIDIA's TAO Toolkit and TensorFlow Lite Micro
   framework as promising solutions for running deep-learning models on STM32
   microcontrollers.  This paper presents a comparative study between these two
   tools, aiming to evaluate their performance, resource usage, and ease of
   deployment.  By delving into their respective strengths and limitations, we
   seek to provide insights into the best practices for optimizing deep
   learning models in edge computing scenarios.  Through empirical analysis, we
   assess the impact of model optimization techniques on classification
   accuracy, memory usage, and computational efficiency.  Our findings reveal
   trade-offs between model complexity and resource consumption, shedding light
   on the strengths and limitations of each tool.  Additionally, we explore the
   feasibility of deploying optimized models on STM32 microcontrollers using
   the STM32Cube.AI Developer Cloud platform.  Insights from this study
   contribute to the advancement of efficient edge AI solutions by providing
   guidance on selecting appropriate optimization tools for specific deployment
   scenarios.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning models; model optimization; nvidia tao toolkit; resource-
   limited edge devices; stm32 microcontrollers; tensorflow lite micro
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; deep learning; edge
   computing; comparatives studies; deep learning model; evaluation study;
   learning models; model optimization; nvidia tao toolkit; performances
   evaluation; resource-limited edge device; stm32 microcontroller; tensorflow
   lite micro; microcontrollers

---

UT 620
AR Nakhle F, 2024, DEVICE, V2, DOI 10.1016/j.device.2024.100411
TI Shrinking the giants: Paving the way for TinyAI
AU Nakhle F
TC 3
SO DEVICE
PY 2024
AB In the current era of technological advancement, the quest for more
   efficient and accessible artificial intelligence (AI) is driving the
   investigation of the predictive potential of small architecture-based,
   compressed, and accelerated AI models (TinyAI) and the benefits of running
   those on small-scale digital edge computing devices.  This perspective
   delves into the expanding world of TinyAI, envisioning a future in which
   powerful machine intelligence can be encapsulated within pocket-sized
   devices, and discusses the technological challenges and opportunities
   associated with it.  In addition, some of the myriad applications and
   benefits that can arise from their deployment will be discussed.  © 2024
   Elsevier Inc.
DE accelerated models; compressed models; dti-2 explore; miniaturized
   intelligence; tiny artificial intelligence; tiny machine learning

---

UT 622
AR Motetti BA, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
TI Adaptive Deep Learning for Efficient Visual Pose Estimation Aboard Ultra-
   Low-Power Nano-Drones
AU Motetti BA; Crupi L; Mohammed Elamin Elshaigi MO; Risso M; Jahier Pagliari
   D; Palossi D; Burrello A
TC 3
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2024
AB Sub-10cm diameter nano-drones are gaining momentum thanks to their
   applicability in scenarios prevented to bigger flying drones, such as in
   narrow environments and close to humans.  However, their tiny form factor
   also brings their major drawback: ultra-constrained memory and processors
   for the onboard execution of their perception pipelines.  Therefore,
   lightweight deep learning-based approaches are becoming in-creasingly
   popular, stressing how computational efficiency and energy-saving are
   paramount as they can make the difference between a fully working closed-
   loop system and a failing one.  In this work, to maximize the exploitation
   of the ultra-limited resources aboard nano-drones, we present a novel
   adaptive deep learning-based mechanism for the efficient execution of a
   vision-based human pose estimation task.  We leverage two State-of-the-Art
   (SoA) convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with different regression
   performance vs.  computational costs trade-offs.  By combining these CNNs
   with three novel adaptation strategies based on the output's temporal
   consistency and on auxiliary tasks to swap the CNN being executed
   proactively, we present six different systems.  On a real-world dataset and
   the actual nano-drone hardware, our best-performing system, compared to
   executing only the bigger and most accurate SoA model, shows 28% latency
   reduction while keeping the same mean absolute error (MAE), 3% MAE reduction
   while being iso-latency, and the absolute peak performance, i.e., 6% better
   than SoA model.  © 2024 EDAA.
DE adaptive inference; nano-drones; tinyml
ID closed loop systems; computational efficiency; convolutional neural
   networks; deep learning; economic and social effects; energy conservation;
   adaptive inference; art model; convolutional neural network; gaining
   momentum; mean absolute error; nano-drone; pose-estimation; state of the
   art; tinyml; ultra-low power; drones

---

UT 638
AR Diab MS, 2024, PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS, DOI
   10.1109/EMBC53108.2024.10782961
TI A TinyML Motion-Based Embedded Cough Detection System
AU Diab MS; Rodriguez-Villegas E
TC 3
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF IEEE ENG MED BIOL SOC EMBS
PY 2024
AB Cough is a common symptom for various chronic respiratory diseases, and in
   its detection a measure of disease's severity and progression can be made.
   As a result, researchers have dedicated several studies to investigate the
   cough detection and classification methods.  One of the goals to improve
   these methods is the design and integration of cough detection algorithms
   into wearable devices.  In this study, we address this goal by proposing a
   wearable TinyML cough detection system based on motion detected by an
   accelerometer sensor.  An IoT platform, the Nordic Thingy:53, was used for
   accelerometry data collection from 5 subjects for cough and non-cough
   movements.  The acquired signals were pre-processed, and 18 time-domain
   features were extracted.  The extracted features were used to train a neural
   network composed of two hidden layers with 12, and 6 neurons respectively.
   The trained model achieved an accuracy of 94.38%, sensitivity of 93.92%,
   specificity of 94.84%, and F1 score of 94.35% for cough detection.  This
   model was deployed under four different deployment options, using Edge
   Impulse platform, onto the nRF5340 SoC in Nordic Thingy:53 for on-device
   inference using the embedded machine learning model.  The deployment options
   included floating-point, and quantized representation of the classification
   model, using either TFLite for microcontroller interpreter or EON compiler.
   Both quantized models provided an inference within 1 ms; and the EON model
   occupied 1.4 KB of RAM and 14.8 KB of Flash, while the TFLite model occupied
   3.0 KB of RAM and 34.5 KB of Flash.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE accelerometer; cough detection; embedded machine learning; tinyml; wearable
   device
ID accelerometry; algorithms; cough; humans; machine learning; neural networks
   computer; signal processing computer-assisted; wearable electronic devices;
   diseases; integrated circuit design; lung cancer; program compilers; system-
   on-chip; wearable sensors; cough detection; detection methods; detection
   system; disease progression; disease severity; embedded machine learning;
   embedded machines; machine learning; tinyml; wearable devices;
   accelerometry; algorithm; artificial neural network; coughing; devices;
   diagnosis; human; machine learning; pathophysiology; procedures; signal
   processing; wearable computer; accelerometers

---

UT 670
AR Chae B, 2024, PROC ACM SIGPLAN CONF LANG COMPIL TOOLS EMBED SYST, P23, DOI
   10.1145/3652032.3657576
TI TinySeg: Model Optimizing Framework for Image Segmentation on Tiny Embedded
   Systems
AU Chae B; Kim J/2; Heo S
TC 3
SO PROC ACM SIGPLAN CONF LANG COMPIL TOOLS EMBED SYST
PY 2024
AB Image segmentation is one of the major computer vision tasks, which is
   applicable in a variety of domains, such as autonomous navigation of an
   unmanned aerial vehicle.  However, image segmentation cannot easily
   materialize on tiny embedded systems because image segmentation models
   generally have high peak memory usage due to their architectural
   characteristics.  This work finds that image segmentation models
   unnecessarily require large memory space with an existing tiny machine
   learning framework.  That is, the existing framework cannot effectively
   manage the memory space for the image segmentation models.  This work
   proposes TinySeg, a new model optimizing framework that enables memory-
   efficient image segmentation for tiny embedded systems.  TinySeg analyzes
   the lifetimes of tensors in the target model and identifies long-living
   tensors.  Then, TinySeg optimizes the memory usage of the target model
   mainly with two methods: (i) tensor spilling into local or remote storage
   and (ii) fused fetching of spilled tensors.  This work implements TinySeg on
   top of the existing tiny machine learning framework and demonstrates that
   TinySeg can reduce the peak memory usage of an image segmentation model by
   39.3% for tiny embedded systems.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE embedded systems; image segmentation; on-device machine learning; tiny
   machine learning
ID air navigation; antennas; embedded systems; machine learning; tensors;
   unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav ); embedded-system; image segmentation model;
   images segmentations; machine learning; memory space; memory usage; model
   optimizing; on-device machine learning; tiny machine learning; image
   segmentation

---

UT 672
AR Tonmoy MR, 2024, IEEE OPEN J COMPUT SOC, V5, P120, DOI
   10.1109/OJCS.2024.3378709
TI A Lightweight Visual Font Style Recognition With Quantized Convolutional
   Autoencoder
AU Tonmoy MR; Rakib AF; Rahman R; Adnan MA; Mridha MF; Huang J; Shin J
TC 3
SO IEEE OPEN J COMPUT SOC
PY 2024
AB Font style recognition plays a vital role in the field of computer vision,
   particularly in document and pattern analysis, and image processing.  In the
   industry context, this recognition of font styles holds immense importance
   for professionals such as graphic designers, front-end developers, and UI-UX
   developers.  In recent times, font style recognition using Computer Vision
   has made significant progress, especially in English.  Very few works have
   been done for other languages as well.  However, the existing models are
   computationally costly, time-consuming, and not diversified.  In this work,
   we propose a state-of-the-art model to recognize Bangla fonts from images
   using a quantized Convolutional Autoencoder (Q-CAE) approach.  The
   compressed model takes around 58 KB of memory only which makes it suitable
   for not only high-end but also low-end computational edge devices.  We have
   also created a synthetic data set consisting of 10 distinct Bangla font
   styles and a total of 60,000 images for conducting this study as no
   dedicated dataset is available publicly.  Experimental outcomes demonstrate
   that the proposed method can perform better than existing methods, gaining
   an overall accuracy of 99.95% without quantization and 99.85% after
   quantization.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE bangla font style; computer vision; convolutional autoencoder; edge devices;
   quantization; tinyml; visual font recognition
ID convolution; learning systems; auto encoders; bangla font style;
   convolutional autoencoder; documents analysis; edge device; font
   recognition; pattern analysis; quantization; tinyml; visual font
   recognition; computer vision

---

UT 680
AR Quizon LRA, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P32, DOI 10.1145/3647750.3647756
TI Federated Learning with MLPerfTiny Tasks and Server-side Momentum
AU Quizon LRA; Alvarez AB
TC 3
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB Federated learning can bring significant benefits to edge IoT systems in
   their scalability, efficiency, and application space by increasing the
   amount of computing for the nodes while decreasing the amount of network
   traffic required.  On the other hand, the rise of efficient techniques in
   TinyML has been a significant boon for ultra low-power IoT ML sensors.
   Sadly, works on federated learning either use standard networks that are too
   large for TinyML devices, or are applied to relatively easier tasks to
   compensate for the performance degradation.  In this work, we model
   federated learning on all four of the MLPerfTiny tasks with their respective
   baseline models and show that applying federated learning to TinyML models
   causes significant performance degradation.  We also show that the
   performance degradation is exacerbated when the number of nodes increases.
   Finally, to address the performance degradation without compromising the
   original task or increasing the computational load for the client devices,
   we propose adding momentum to the server-side learning optimizer and show
   that this significantly mitigates the performance degradation effect, again
   reaching MLPerfTiny standards on all tasks.  © 2024 ACM.
DE anomaly detection; federated learning; image classification; keyword
   spotting; tinyml
ID image classification; internet of things; learning systems; anomaly
   detection; applications-space; federated learning; images classification;
   keyword spotting; network traffic; performance degradation; server sides;
   tinyml; ultra-low power; anomaly detection

---

UT 694
AR Chougule S, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P27, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00008-7
TI Cloud and edge intelligence
AU Chougule S; Chaudhari BS; Ghorpade SN; Zennaro M
TC 3
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB This chapter presents a comprehensive study and analysis of the edge
   computing paradigm, explaining elements of edge AI. Furthermore, it
   discusses the edge intelligence approach for deploying AI algorithms and
   models on edge devices, which are typically resource-constrained devices
   located at the edge of the network.  It includes the use cases, challenges
   and opportunities and provides in-depth analysis for optimizing computation
   for edge intelligence.  Finally, it sheds some light on the research roadmap
   on AI for edge and AI on edge by dividing efforts into topology, content,
   service segments, model adaptation, framework design, and processor
   acceleration, all of which stand to gain advantages from AI technologies.
   Investigating the incorporation of important technologies, issues,
   opportunities, and roadmap in this study will be a valuable resource for the
   community engaged in research on edge intelligence.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.
   All rights reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training,
   and similar technologies.
DE edge computing; edge intelligence; embedded ai; energy efficient ai; iot;
   resource-constrained intelligence; tinyml

---

UT 697
AR Conde J, 2024, PROF, V26, P55, DOI 10.1109/MITP.2024.3421968
TI Enhanced FIWARE-Based Architecture for Cyberphysical Systems With Tiny
   Machine Learning and Machine Learning Operations: A Case Study on Urban
   Mobility Systems
AU Conde J; Munoz-Arcentales A; Alonso A; Salvachua J; Huecas G
TC 3
SO PROF
PY 2024
AB The rise of AI and the Internet of Things is accelerating the digital
   transformation of society.  Mobility computing presents specific barriers
   due to its real-time requirements, decentralization, and connectivity
   through wireless networks.  New research on edge computing and tiny machine
   learning (tinyML) explores the execution of AI models on low-performance
   devices to address these issues.  However, there are not many studies
   proposing agnostic architectures that manage the entire lifecycle of
   intelligent cyberphysical systems.  This article extends a previous
   architecture based on FIWARE software components to implement the machine
   learning operations flow, enabling the management of the entire tinyML
   lifecycle in cyberphysical systems.  We also provide a use case to showcase
   how to implement the FIWARE architecture through a complete example of a
   smart traffic system.  We conclude that the FIWARE ecosystem constitutes a
   real reference option for developing tinyML and edge computing in
   cyberphysical systems.  © 1999-2012 IEEE.
ID case-studies; cyber-physical systems; decentralization; digital
   transformation; edge computing; machine learning; mobility systems; real-
   time requirement; time connectivity; urban mobility

---

UT 706
AR Indirli F, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P20, DOI 10.1145/3674558.3674562
TI Layer-wise Exploration of a Neural Processing Unit Compiler's Optimization
   Space
AU Indirli F; Ornstein AC; Desoli G; Buschini A; Silvano C; Zaccaria V
TC 3
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB Given the increasing popularity of Edge AI, embedded neural processing units
   (NPUs) are gradually becoming a standard feature in microcontrollers (MCUs)
   and System-on-a-Chip (SoCs). The deployment of neural networks on
   accelerators needs specialized neural network compilers that incorporate
   graph optimization stages, where layer-specific transformations are applied
   to reduce execution latency or memory footprint on platform-specific
   computing elements.  For this reason, neural network compilers expose
   control parameters to be tuned for each individual network layer.  The
   challenge addressed in this paper is finding an optimal combination of
   neural network compilation parameters for the efficient utilization of the
   computing resources of the target hardware accelerators.  To address this
   task despite the huge space of parameters, we propose a greedy algorithm
   that iterates through the convolutional layers of the network, while
   preserving a set of solutions for the preceding layers.  We evaluated this
   approach by transforming the graphs of some popular neural networks to
   optimize their performance and memory footprint, mapping them onto an
   experimental embedded NPU developed by STMicroelectronics using its
   associated neural network compiler.  For the reported set of network models,
   the proposed technique has improved latency and memory footprint by 43%
   approximately compared to the baseline and exceeded the simulated annealing
   heuristics by 15% approximately.  © 2024 Owner/Author.
DE compilers; design space exploration; npu; optimization; tiny machine
   learning
ID graph neural networks; microcontrollers; multilayer neural networks; program
   compilers; compiler; design space exploration; machine learning; memory
   footprint; neural-processing unit; neural networks; neural-processing;
   optimizations; processing units; tiny machine learning; system-on-chip

---

UT 722
AR [Anonymous], 2024, PROC INT CONF POWER ELECTRON DRIVES ENERGY SYST IND
   GROWTH PEDES, DOI 10.1109/PEDES61459.2024.10961505
TI Edge Computing Enabled Battery State of Charge(SoC) Estimation Using TinyML
   Techniques
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF POWER ELECTRON DRIVES ENERGY SYST IND GROWTH PEDES
PY 2024
AB Redox flow batteries (RFBs) are electrolyte-based batteries that have become
   a research hotspot due to their modular nature and decoupled power-energy
   characteristics.  Household and microgrid environments extensively utilize
   RFBs as storage systems.  The nonlinear chemical nature of RFBs hinders the
   modeling process, estimation of critical parameters like State of Charge
   (SoC), and consequently, overall energy management.  The current methods in
   the literature use computationally complex multi-physical models that are
   unsuitable for deployment at the edge.  Therefore, this study focuses on
   developing a resource-optimized machine learning-based SoC estimation model
   fit for deployment on an ESP32-based edge device.  The study also outlines
   and enumerates the experimental setup for two types of RFBs: vanadium-based
   (AVRFB) and zinc bromide-based (ZBRFB), its data preprocessing steps, and
   the edge deployment process.  Additionally, model quantization has also been
   targeted to reduce computational requirements.  Using a dynamically
   quantized model, the devised framework achieved a R2 score of 0.975 for
   AVRFB, performing inference in 1.72 seconds.  In the case of ZBRFB, the SOC
   estimation model achieved a R2 score of 0.818 with the float32 quantized
   model, outputting inference in 3.18 seconds.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE estimation; redox flow batteries; state of charge; tinyml
ID battery state of charge; edge computing; estimation models; hotspots;
   modulars; power energy; quantized models; state of charge estimation; states
   of charges; tinyml

---

UT 723
AR Paul J, 2024, PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI, V246, P2002, DOI
   10.1016/j.procs.2024.09.670
TI Extraction of Measurement Device Information on an ESP32 Microcontroller:
   TinyML for Image Processing
AU Paul J; Schmid L; Klaiber M; Rössle M
TC 3
SO PROCEDIA COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have demonstrated outstanding results
   in various areas of computer vision (CV). This success has led to the
   possibility of using CV on ever smaller computing devices, giving rise to
   the research area TinyML, which enables ML tasks on, e.g.  resource-
   constrained microcontrollers.  On this basis, we extend the scope of TinyML
   and present an image regression task where a self-generated dataset is
   introduced.  We compare eight different approaches with different CNN
   architectures and normalization methods, with the best performing model
   achieving an MAE of 0.54 on an ESP-32. Furthermore, the ML models used are
   compared in terms of their performance when used on an ESP32 and on a PC.
   Finally, we present open questions and further research directions based on
   our results.  © 2024 The Authors.
DE computer vision; esp32; image regression; microcontroller
ID computer vision; image analysis; microcontrollers; computing devices;
   convolutional neural network; device information; esp32; image regression;
   images processing; measurement device; neural network architecture;
   normalization methods; research areas; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 727
AR Sai Krishna JVN, 2024, IEEE WORLD CONF APPL INTELL COMPUT AIC, P1235, DOI
   10.1109/AIC61668.2024.10731064
TI Integrated Airflow and Temperature Monitoring System for Enhanced
   Underground Mine Safety
AU Sai Krishna JVN; Anand R; Ramprabhakar J; Meena VP; Benedetto F
TC 3
SO IEEE WORLD CONF APPL INTELL COMPUT AIC
PY 2024
AB Beneath the surface lies a huge challenge and opportunity, the underground
   environment of coal mines.  This subterranean world, where human endeavor
   meets the rawness of nature, is a melting pot of industry, technology, and
   resource extraction.  Coal mining is an industry deeply rooted in history,
   dating back centuries to the earliest human civilizations.  It represents an
   effort to use the Earth's ancient energy reserves, stored as carbon-rich
   coal, for heating, industrial processes, and power generation.  Mining in
   the underground environment presents a unique set of challenges and risks
   that require constant vigilance and innovative safety measures.  This
   article proposes a continuous, seamless monitoring system that transmits the
   underground mine data to the surface station which requires advanced
   arrangements to emerge from the impediments of routine hardware, which falls
   flat to supply real-time knowledge.  Next, attention is drawn to a cutting-
   edge system fitted with an ESP32 microcontroller, temperature, CO, methane,
   and airflow sensors, and LoRa for data transfer.  Thresholds and buzzers
   have been set for alarming, which alerts workers at the right moment.  A
   novel TinyML-based anomaly detection system that integrates with an Arduino
   cloud and MQTT broker.  By implementing cutting-edge techniques and imposing
   historical constraints, this revolutionary strategy ultimately increases the
   safety of under- ground mines where there will be a significant improvement
   in safety monitoring technology.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE lora; mobile application; mqtt; tele-monitoring; tinyml
ID coal industry; concrete construction; network security; resource valuation;
   airflow monitoring; lora; mobile applications; monitoring system; mqtt;
   tele-monitoring; temperature monitoring; tinyml; underground environment;
   underground mine; coal mines

---

UT 729
AR Boiko O, 2024, PROC - IEEE CONGR CYBERMATICS IEEE INT CONF INTERNET THINGS
   ITHINGS IEEE GREEN COMPUT COMMUN GREENCOM IEEE CYBER PHYS SOC COMPUT CPSCOM
   IEEE SMART DATA SMARTDATA, P200, DOI 10.1109/iThings-GreenCom-CPSCom-
   SmartData-Cybermatics62450.2024.00053
TI TinyML on Mobile Devices for Hybrid Energy Management Systems
AU Boiko O; Komin A; Shendryk V; Malekian R; Davidsson P
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE CONGR CYBERMATICS IEEE INT CONF INTERNET THINGS ITHINGS IEEE
   GREEN COMPUT COMMUN GREENCOM IEEE CYBER PHYS SOC COMPUT CPSCOM IEEE SMART
   DATA SMARTDATA
PY 2024
AB This paper explores the potential of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) for
   privacy-preserving building energy management systems on mobile devices.
   While TinyML offers reduced latency and improved privacy, its effectiveness
   in predicting building energy consumption on mobile devices is not well
   studied.  The proposed approach prioritizes user privacy by processing and
   storing energy data locally on users' mobile devices, leveraging smartphone,
   tablets, edge nodes, and secure cloud storage.  This empowers users with
   control over their data and adheres to privacy regulations.  Predicting
   building energy usage on mobile devices is crucial because it offers
   portability, accessibility, and privacy, as well as fosters user engagement.
   Mobile predictions allow users to conveniently monitor and regulate energy
   consumption, improving accessibility.  Additionally, processing data locally
   ensures privacy by keeping sensitive information under user control.  The
   paper also investigates the feasibility of converting a TensorFlow-based
   long short-term memory (LSTM) neural network model for energy prediction to
   a CoreML or TensorFlow Lite model for deployment on mobile devices.  The
   results indicate a significant degradation in model accuracy after
   conversion to a CoreML and almost no degradation after conversion to a
   TensorFlow Lite model.  Further research is recommended to explore
   optimization techniques for the conversion process and to compare models
   with other criteria.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE hybrid energy management system; internet of things; machine learning
   algorithms; mobile devices; privacy sustainable development; renewable
   energy sources; tinyml
ID building energy management systems; hybrid energy; hybrid energy management
   system; machine learning algorithms; machine learning; management systems;
   privacy-preserving; privacy sustainable development; renewable energy
   source; tiny machine learning; hybrid power

---

UT 730
AR Costa H, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24227273
TI An Evolving Multivariate Time Series Compression Algorithm for IoT
   Applications
AU Costa H; Silva M; Sánchez-Gendriz I; Viegas CMD; Silva I
TC 3
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) is transforming how devices interact and share
   data, especially in areas like vehicle monitoring.  However, transmitting
   large volumes of real-time data can result in high latency and substantial
   energy consumption.  In this context, Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) emerges
   as a promising solution, enabling the execution of machine-learning models
   on resource-constrained embedded devices.  This paper aims to develop two
   online multivariate compression approaches specifically designed for TinyML,
   utilizing the Typicality and Eccentricity Data Analytics (TEDA) framework.
   The proposed approaches are based on data eccentricity and do not require
   predefined mathematical models or assumptions about data distribution,
   thereby optimizing compression performance.  The methodology involves
   applying the approaches to a case study using the OBD-II Freematics ONE+
   dataset, which is focused on vehicle monitoring.  Results indicate that both
   proposed approaches, whether parallel or sequential compression, show
   significant improvements in execution time and compression errors.  These
   findings highlight the approach’s potential to enhance the performance of
   embedded IoT systems, thereby improving the efficiency and sustainability of
   vehicular applications.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE data compression; evolving algorithm; iot; obd-ii edge; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; data analytics; compression algorithms;
   evolving algorithm; large volumes; machine learning; multivariate time
   series; obd-ii edge; real-time data; time series compression; tiny machine
   learning; vehicle monitoring; algorithm; article; compression; controlled
   study; data compression; diagnosis; electric potential; energy-consumption;
   human; internet of things; machine learning; mathematical model; time series
   analysis

---

UT 739
AR Arpaia P, 2024, IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTIF INTELL NEURAL ENG
   METROXRAINE - PROC, P831, DOI 10.1109/MetroXRAINE62247.2024.10797006
TI Accurate Energy Measurements for Tiny Machine Learning Workloads
AU Arpaia P; Capobianco L; Caputo F; Cioffi A; Esposito A; Isgrò F; Moccaldi N;
   Pau D; Siorpaes D; Toscano E
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTIF INTELL NEURAL ENG METROXRAINE - PROC
PY 2024
AB Benchmarking techniques play a crucial role to assess the performance of
   ultra-low-power tiny machine learning systems.  The MLCommons framework
   provides procedures and tools to democratize the newfound technological
   capabilities and ensure wide adoption by sharing datasets and best
   practices.  TinyML is a branch of MLCommons that specializes in integrating
   neural networks into embedded devices while priori-tizing factors such as
   inference time and power consumption, which are critical requirements given
   the limited hardware resources available.  The inference time benchmarks
   allow us to understand the performance that a particular hardware can
   obtain.  Conversely, the power consumption benchmark provides architectures,
   procedures, and tools for assessing the electrical current required by a
   device to perform inference operations.  However, some issues related to the
   accuracy and precision of power consumption measurements seem to emerge.  In
   particular, the architecture of the proposed trigger system exhibits some
   weaknesses concerning the time window for inferences.  Moreover, the power
   consumption benchmarks are reported as single values, failing to provide
   uncertainty information.  This study proposes a new architecture for the
   trigger system for the measurement method.  Moreover, a prototype of a new
   experimental setup was realized and validated on STM32H7. Finally, power
   consumption results are provided with type A measurement uncertainty.
   Industries creating devices for embedded neural networks can apply the
   study's findings to make better design choices, especially by considering
   measurement uncertainty to determine the reliability of the results and the
   device under test.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded neural networks; measurement uncertainty; performance assessment;
   power consumption; tiny machine learning
ID benchmarking techniques; embedded neural networks; energy; machine learning;
   measurement uncertainty; performance; performance assessment; power; tiny
   machine learning; trigger systems; velocity measurement

---

UT 755
AR Mach TKT, 2024, EAI ENDORSED TRANS IND NETW INTELL SYST, V11, P1, DOI
   10.4108/eetinis.v11i3.5616
TI Resource-Efficient Deep Learning: Fast Hand Gestures on Microcontrollers
AU Mach TKT; Van KN; Le M
TC 3
SO EAI ENDORSED TRANS IND NETW INTELL SYST
PY 2024
AB Hand gesture recognition using a camera provides an intuitive and promising
   means of human-computer interaction and allows operators to execute commands
   and control machines with simple gestures.  Research in hand gesture
   recognition-based control systems has garnered significant attention, yet
   the deploying of microcontrollers into this domain remains relatively
   insignificant.  In this study, we propose a novel approach utilizing micro-
   hand gesture recognition built on micro-bottleneck Residual and micro-
   bottleneck Conv blocks.  Our proposed model, comprises only 42K parameters,
   is optimized for size to facilitate seamless operation on resource-
   constrained hardware.  Benchmarking conducted on STM32 microcontrollers
   showcases remarkable efficiency, with the model achieving an average
   prediction time of just 269ms, marking a 7× faster over the state-of-art
   model.  Notably, despite its compact size and enhanced speed, our model
   maintains competitive performance result, achieving an accuracy of 99.6% on
   the ASL dataset and 92% on OUHANDS dataset.  These findings underscore the
   potential for deploying advanced control methods on compact, cost-effective
   devices, presenting promising avenues for future research and industrial
   applications.  Copyright © 2024 Mach et al., licensed to EAI. This is an
   open access article distributed under the terms of the CC BY-NC-SA 4.0,
   which permits copying, redistributing, remixing, transformation, and
   building upon the material in any medium so long as the original work is
   properly cited.
DE communications; embedded; hand gesture recognition; human computer
   interaction; intelligent system; microcontroller; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; controllers; cost effectiveness; deep learning;
   gesture recognition; human computer interaction; industrial research;
   microcontrollers; palmprint recognition; art model; command and control;
   compact size; embedded; hand gesture; hand gesture recognition; prediction
   time; resource-efficient; simple++; tinyml; intelligent systems

---

UT 770
AR Prabhune O, 2024, IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK,
   P2218, DOI 10.1109/CVPRW63382.2024.00227
TI Content-aware Input Scaling and Deep Learning Computation Offloading for
   Low-Latency Embedded Vision
AU Prabhune O; Chen T/1; Kim Y
TC 3
SO IEEE COMPUT SOC CONF COMPUT VIS PATTERN RECOGN WORK
PY 2024
AB Deploying deep learning (DL) models for visual recognition on embedded
   systems is often constrained by their limited compute power and storage
   capacity, and has stringent latency and power requirements.  As emerging DL
   applications continue to evolve, they place increasing demands on
   computational resources that embedded vision systems are unable to
   provision.  One promising solution to overcome these limitations is
   computation offloading.  However, for performance improvements to be
   realized, it is essential to carefully partition tasks, taking into account
   both the quality of the data and the communication overhead.In this paper,
   we introduce a novel framework for content-aware offloading of DL
   computations, aimed at maximizing quality-of-service while adhering to
   latency constraints.  Our proposed framework involves the embedded vision
   system/edge device intelligently compressing data in a content-aware manner
   using a lightweight model and transmitting it to a more powerful server.
   The framework consists of two key components: offline training for efficient
   content-aware data scaling and online control that adapts to the network
   variations in real-time.  To illustrate the effectiveness of our approach,
   we apply it to multiple downstream tasks such as face identification, person
   keypoint detection, and instance segmentation, showcasing a significant
   enhancement in the overall quality of results for various applications.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE ai on-edge; computation offloading; content-aware compression; content-aware
   offloading; deep learning; edge computing; edge ml; efficient deep learning;
   efficient ml; embedded vision; face identification; low latency deep
   learning; low power ml; ml system; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; deep learning; embedded systems; face recognition; ai
   on-edge; computation offloading; content-aware; content-aware compression;
   content-aware offloading; deep learning; edge computing; edge ml; efficient
   deep learning; efficient ml; embedded visions; face identification; low
   latency; low power; low latency deep learning; low power ml; ml systems;
   tinyml; computation offloading

---

UT 785
AR Said N, 2024, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P11, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT61029.2024.00013
TI EdgeBoost: Confidence Boosting for Resource Constrained Inference via
   Selective Offloading
AU Said N; Landsiedel O
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2024
AB This paper introduces EdgeBoost, a selective input offloading system
   designed to overcome the challenges of limited computational resources on
   edge devices.  EdgeBoost trains and calibrates a lightweight model for
   deployment on the edge and, in addition, deploys a large, complex model on
   the cloud.  During inference, the edge model makes initial predictions for
   input samples, and if the confidence of the prediction is low, the sample is
   sent to the cloud model for further processing otherwise, we accept the
   local prediction.  Due to careful calibration, EdgeBoost reduces the
   communication cost by 55%, 29% and 20% for CIFAR-100, ImageNet and Stanford
   Cars datasets, respectively, when compared to an cloud-only solution while
   achieving on par classification accuracy.  Finally, EdgeBoost also achieves
   comparable accuracy to the state-of-the-art routing-based methods without
   the need for hosting the router on the edge.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE inference offloading; lightweight models; mcu; model calibration;
   temperature scaling; tinyml
ID cloud platforms; prediction models; complex model; computational resources;
   edge modeling; inference offloading; lightweight model; mcu; model
   calibration; offloading system; temperature scaling; tinyml; computation
   offloading

---

UT 821
AR Giorgio A, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI
   10.3390/electronics13091766
TI No Pain Device: Empowering Personal Safety with an Artificial Intelligence-
   Based Nonviolence Embedded System
AU Giorgio A
TC 3
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB This paper presents the development of a novel anti-violence device titled
   “no pAIn” (an acronym for Never Oppressed Protected by Artificial
   Intelligence Nonviolence system), which harnesses the power of artificial
   intelligence (AI). Primarily designed to combat violence against women, the
   device offers personal safety benefits for individuals across diverse
   demographics.  Operating autonomously, it necessitates no user interaction
   post-activation.  The AI engine conducts real-time speech recognition and
   effectively discerns genuine instances of aggression from non-violent
   disputes or conversations.  Facilitated by its Internet connectivity, in the
   event of detected aggression, the device promptly issues assistance requests
   with real-time precise geolocation tracking to predetermined recipients for
   immediate assistance.  Its compact size enables discreet concealment within
   commonplace items like candy wrappers, purpose-built casings, or wearable
   accessories.  The device is battery-operated.  The prototype was developed
   using a microcontroller board (Arduino Nano RP2040 Connect), incorporating
   an omnidirectional microphone and Wi-Fi module, all at a remarkably low
   cost.  Subsequent functionality testing, performed in debug mode using the
   Arduino IDE serial monitor, yielded successful results.  The AI engine
   exhibited exceptional accuracy in word recognition, complemented by a robust
   logic implementation, rendering the device highly reliable in discerning
   genuine instances of aggression from non-violent scenarios.  © 2024 by the
   author.
DE arduino; artificial intelligence; health; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; personal safety; tiny machine learning

---

UT 827
AR Verma A, 2024, PROC IEEE NATL AEROSP ELECTRON CONF NAECON, P398, DOI
   10.1109/NAECON61878.2024.10670616
TI Real-Time Automated Donning and Doffing Detection of PPE Based on
   Yolov4-Tiny
AU Verma A; Ghajari G; Jawad KMT; Salehi HP; Amsaad F
TC 3
SO PROC IEEE NATL AEROSP ELECTRON CONF NAECON
PY 2024
AB Maintaining patient safety and the safety of health-care workers (HCWs) in
   hospitals and clinics highly depends on following the proper protocol for
   donning and taking off personal protective equipment (PPE). HCWs can benefit
   from a feedback system during the putting on and removal process because the
   process is cognitively demanding and errors are common.  Centers for Disease
   Control and Prevention (CDC) provided guidelines for correct PPE use which
   should be followed.  A real time object detection along with a unique
   sequencing algorithms are used to identify and determine the donning and
   doffing process in real time.  The purpose of this technical research is
   two-fold: The user gets real time alert to the step they missed in the
   sequence if they don't follow the proper procedure during donning or
   doffing.  Secondly, the use of tiny machine learning (yolov4-tiny) in
   embedded system architecture makes it feasible and cost-effective to deploy
   in different health care settings.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE darknet; deep learning; doffing and donning; health safety; object
   detection; ppe; real-time; tinyml; yolov4-tiny
ID darknets; deep learning; doffing and donning; healthcare workers; health
   safety; objects detection; personal protective equipment; real- time;
   tinyml; yolov4-tiny; disease control

---

UT 828
AR Tremonti M, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P690, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10503398
TI An empirical evaluation of tinyML architectures for Class-Incremental
   Continual Learning
AU Tremonti M; Pezze DD; Paissan F; Farella E; Susto GA
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB Neural networks excel at addressing real-world tasks, yet their
   computational demands often confine them to cloud-based platforms.  Recent
   literature has responded with compute-efficient neural architectures for
   edge devices (e.g.  microcontroller units). Nonetheless, the proliferation
   of edge devices makes it relevant to address the dynamic nature of real-
   world environments, where models need to adapt to shifting data
   distributions and integrate new information without forgetting the old one.
   Continual Learning (CL) solves this issue by enabling models to learn new
   tasks while sequentially retaining knowledge from previous ones.  In this
   paper, we study how efficient neural networks perform when solving the task
   of Class-Incremental Continual Learning.  In particular, we evaluate the
   PhiNets architecture family on the well-established CORe50 and CIFAR-10
   benchmarks and present a feasibility study for Latent Replay on edge
   devices.  In terms of performance, PhiNet models exhibit superior results
   compared to MobileNet architectures on the CIFAR-10 dataset, achieving a
   4.47% higher accuracy.  Remarkably, PhiNet achieves this level of accuracy
   while utilizing only 0.012% of the computation required by MobileNet.  This
   not only attests to its superior performance but also its substantial
   computational efficiency, affirming the feasibility of deploying PhiNet
   models in real-world applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE computer vision; continual learning; efficient nns; latent replay; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; learning systems; network architecture;
   computational demands; continual learning; efficient nn; empirical
   evaluations; excel; latent replay; neural networks; performance; real-world
   task; tinyml; computer vision

---

UT 839
AR Gong T, 2024, ADV NEURAL PROCES SYST, V37
TI DEX: Data Channel Extension for Efficient CNN Inference on Tiny AI
   Accelerators
AU Gong T; Kawsar F; Min C
TC 3
SO ADV NEURAL PROCES SYST
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) aims to run ML models on small devices and is
   increasingly favored for its enhanced privacy, reduced latency, and low
   cost.  Recently, the advent of tiny AI accelerators has revolutionized the
   TinyML field by significantly enhancing hardware processing power.  These
   accelerators, equipped with multiple parallel processors and dedicated per-
   processor memory instances, offer substantial performance improvements over
   traditional microcontroller units (MCUs). However, their limited data memory
   often necessitates downsampling input images, resulting in accuracy
   degradation.  To address this challenge, we propose Data channel EXtension
   (DEX), a novel approach for efficient CNN execution on tiny AI accelerators.
   DEX incorporates additional spatial information from original images into
   input images through patch-wise even sampling and channel-wise stacking,
   effectively extending data across input channels.  By leveraging
   underutilized processors and data memory for channel extension, DEX
   facilitates parallel execution without increasing inference latency.  Our
   evaluation with four models and four datasets on tiny AI accelerators
   demonstrates that this simple idea improves accuracy on average by 3.5%p
   while keeping the inference latency the same on the AI accelerator.  The
   source code is available at https://github.com/Nokia-Bell-Labs/data-channel-
   extension.  © 2024 Neural information processing systems foundation.  All
   rights reserved.

---

UT 849
AR Karras A, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P255, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00016-6
TI Bayesian-driven optimizations of TinyML for efficient edge intelligence in
   LPWANs
AU Karras A; Karras C
TC 3
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB Bayesian optimization techniques have gained increasing attention in the
   field of tiny machine learning (TinyML) configurations, specifically when
   they are utilized to intersect with the Internet of Things (IoT) and low-
   power wide area networks (LPWANs). The primary focus of our investigation is
   on the possibility of using these optimization techniques to enhance energy
   efficiency, resource allocation, model selection, and hyperparameter
   optimization in LPWANs that are used on TinyML algorithms.  Our study
   initiates with a detailed analysis of the theoretical principles behind
   Bayesian optimization.  This is followed by a thorough assessment of its
   advantages, disadvantages, and different practical applications in TinyML
   and LPWANs.  In addition, the chapter presents a comprehensive examination
   of Bayesian optimization-driven algorithms designed to improve certain
   aspects of LPWANs enabled by TinyML such as resource management, energy
   consumption optimization, model selection, hyperparameter tuning, packet
   transmission, and reception enhancement.  Furthermore, we explore practical
   use cases where Bayesian optimization can significantly contribute to the
   area of TinyML applications within LPWANs.  Moreover, the efficacy of the
   offered methodologies is validated by the execution of several experiments,
   complemented by comprehensive simulations and assessments.  The chapter
   concludes with a brief summary of the main findings and potential areas for
   further research, and the limitations and challenges of the proposed
   Bayesian optimization techniques are discussed and analyzed.  © 2024 by
   Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those for text and data
   mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE bayesian optimizations; energy optimization; internet of things; lpwan; mcmc
   methods; packet transmission; resource allocation; tinyml

---

UT 864
AR Ali NF, 2024, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS58744.2024.10558453
TI Non-Invasive Continuous Real-Time Blood Glucose Estimation Using PPG
   Features-based Convolutional Autoencoder with TinyML Implementation
AU Ali NF; Aldhaheri A; Wodajo B; Alshamsi M; Alshamsi S; Atef M
TC 3
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB In this paper, we developed a convolutional autoencoder for non-invasive
   continuous monitoring of blood glucose levels (BGL) using four
   photoplethysmography (PPG) features.  The model was specifically designed to
   account for temporal relations among consecutive PPG segments' features and
   transient outliers encountered in real-time operation.  By means of Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML), the model was embedded in an edge device, Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE Sense, for real-time continuous predictions of BGL. On a PC, the
   model was tested using a public dataset of 33 subjects and achieved a mean
   absolute error (MAE) 5.55 mg/dL, standard error of prediction (SEP) 7.18
   mg/dL, and 97.57% success rate in zone A of Clarke error grid (CEG). On the
   edge, the model was tested on new 8 subjects and obtained a MAE 5.16 mg/dL
   and 100% of predicted BGL falling into zone A. Overall, the integration of
   the proposed model and the feature set resulted in substantial gains in
   terms of applicability, effectiveness, efficiency, and interpretability on
   both cloud and edge infrastructures.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE blood glucose; convolutional autoencoder; machine learning; mcu; ppg; tinyml
ID blood; convolution; errors; glucose; microcontrollers; auto encoders; blood
   glucose; blood glucose level; convolutional autoencoder; machine learning;
   mcu; mean absolute error; real- time; tiny machine learning; machine
   learning

---

UT 868
AR Bouh Y, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V931 LNNS, P82, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-54288-6_7
TI TinyML on Arduino Nano 33 BLE for Disabled Person
AU Bouh Y; Baslam M; Ouhda M
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB In recent years, the embedded machine learning topic has become very popular
   in AI. With the help of different techniques, it is possible to run pre-
   trained models or training neural networks directly on embedded machine
   learning, for example, smart products such as voice assistants and smart
   sensors.  All that techniques are needed in the robotics fields.  And all
   people like to use smart devices in different popular devices every time.
   However, to use smart objects everywhere requires the use of small
   components for ease of use and handling.  This requires the running of
   machine learning models on microcontrollers.  Disabled people can take
   advantage of new artificial intelligence technologies to control devices.
   In this paper, we propose to run a model on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sens for
   disabled people to switch lamp using voice recognition.  This method can be
   used to start washing machine, pomp, and other situations.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE ml in arduino; model in the edge; tinyml; tinyml on arduino
ID machine learning; disabled ( persons ); disabled people; embedded machines;
   machine learning; ml in arduino; model in the edge; neural networks; smart
   products; tinyml; tinyml on arduino; disabled persons

---

UT 893
AR Molnar B, 2024, PROC INT SPRING SEMIN ELECTRON TECHNOL, DOI
   10.1109/ISSE61612.2024.10603721
TI Electronic Nose Based on AI-capable Sensor Module for Beverages
   Identification
AU Molnar B; Geczy A
TC 3
SO PROC INT SPRING SEMIN ELECTRON TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB In this paper, we present an electronic nose application case study based on
   an affordable Bosch BME688 AI (artificial intelligence) capable sensor
   module set (and development kit) to distinguish and identify different soft
   drinks and beverages.  During the work, the device was prepared for TinyML
   and AI-based identification.  The module contains eight pieces of BME688
   sensors, and it is compatible with the Bosch BME AI Studio software.  Based
   on their unique odor profiles, we created and tested various ML (machine
   learning) algorithms to distinguish between fruit palinka (fruit spirit)
   types, different beers, and ethanol.  The case study aims to determine
   whether the module can distinguish between beverages.  For this, we applied
   passive delivery.  It was found that the differentiation between air and
   different samples (cola, lager beer) is possible.  Still, ethanol and
   spirits with high alcohol content saturate the device, pointing to future
   dynamic sampling (active delivery).  © 2024 IEEE.
DE ai; beer; beverages; electronic nose; odor identification; spirit; tinyml
ID beer; ethanol; fruits; machine learning; case-studies; module development;
   module sets; odor identification; odor profiles; sensor modules; soft
   beverages; soft drinks; spirit; tinyml; electronic nose

---

UT 906
AR Bouchemal N, 2024, J SENS ACTUATOR NETW, V13, DOI 10.3390/jsan13060083
TI Intelligent IoT Platform for Agroecology: Testbed
AU Bouchemal N; Chollet N/1; Ramdane-Cherif A
TC 3
SO J SENS ACTUATOR NETW
PY 2024
AB Smart farming is set to play a crucial role in the sustainable
   transformation of agriculture.  The emergence of precision agriculture,
   facilitated by Internet of Things (IoT) platforms, makes effective
   communication among the various sensors and devices on farms essential.  The
   development of smart sensors that utilize artificial intelligence (AI)
   algorithms for advanced edge computations only intensifies this need.
   Moreover, once data are collected, farmers frequently find it challenging to
   apply them effectively, especially in alignment with agroecological
   principles.  In this context, this paper introduces an energy-efficient
   platform for embedded AI sensors that leverages the LoRaWAN network, along
   with a knowledge-based system to aid farmers in decision-making rooted in
   sensor data and agroecological practices.  This paper focuses on the
   deployment of an end-to-end IoT platform that integrates a wireless sensor
   network (WSN), embedded AI, and a knowledge base.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE agriculture; ai; iot; lorawan; smart farming; tinyml

---

UT 910
AR Yadav P/1, 2024, PROC - IEEE WORK MACH LEARN EDGE SENS SYST SENSYS-ML, P21,
   DOI 10.1109/SenSys-ML62579.2024.00009
TI Advancements in Machine Learning in Sensor Systems: Insights from Sensys-ML
   and TinyML Communities
AU Yadav P/1
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE WORK MACH LEARN EDGE SENS SYST SENSYS-ML
PY 2024
AB The integration of machine learning (ML) algorithms with edge sensor systems
   has fundamentally transformed numerous industries.  This convergence
   empowers real-time data processing, analysis, and decision-making at the
   network's periphery.  This paper investigates the latest advancements in
   this domain by examining two key communities: Sensys-ML and TinyML. While
   Sensys-ML concentrates on optimizing ML for sensor systems, TinyML
   prioritizes deploying ML models on resource-constrained devices.  Through a
   critical analysis of these communities' contributions and interactions, this
   work aims to provide a comprehensive overview of cutting-edge methodologies,
   persistent challenges, and promising future directions for ML at the edge
   within sensor systems.  By tracing the trajectory of advancements in this
   field, we offer a critical reflection on the broader research landscape and
   its scope.  Additionally, we identify emerging research areas as reflected
   in prominent forums and underscore persisting knowledge gaps that call for
   further investigation.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE machine learning; sensor systems; tinyml; ultraml
ID constrained optimization; data handling; decision making; data decision;
   decisions makings; edge sensors; machine learning algorithms; machine
   learning; real-time data analysis; real-time data processing; sensor
   systems; tinyml; ultraml; machine learning

---

UT 912
AR Pau D, 2024, IEEE ENERGY CONF ENERGYCON - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ENERGYCON58629.2024.10488819
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Dynamic Line Rating of the Overhead Lines
AU Pau D; Ogliari E; Sakwa M
TC 3
SO IEEE ENERGY CONF ENERGYCON - PROC
PY 2024
AB In the context of energy transmission, Line Rating addresses the capacity of
   conductors to safely transmit energy under different environmental
   conditions.  Two distinct rating methods are well known: Static Line Rating
   and Dynamic Line Rating, the former corresponding to fixed w orst-case
   weather conditions and the latter to real-time variable conditions,
   respectively.  The assumption underlying Static Line Rating, that conductor
   temperature and line sag are deterministically correlated, is challenged by
   real-world findings, r evealing stochastic relationships influenced b y u
   ncontrollable w eather variability.  The potential for safely operating
   transmission lines beyond their static-rated capacity is discussed,
   emphasizing the use of Dynamic Line Rating with advanced technologies.  A
   novel architecture involving temperature sensors, laser diodes, and optical
   fibers i s i ntroduced f or a chieving D ynamic L ine R ating.  The proposed
   system enables real-time temperature monitoring and transmission to a
   control station for optimized energy transport.  Various implementation
   options, from integrated solutions to external attachments, are considered.
   The abstract concludes with an overview of the learning process for modeling
   temperature behaviors and line current allocation using tiny neural
   networks, showcasing their deployability on off-the-shelf low-power micro-
   controllers as well as their suitability for capturing dynamic complexities
   in the context of transmission line rating.  ©2024 IEEE.
DE dynamic line rating; microcontrollers; overhead lines; power transmission;
   tiny neural networks
ID electric power transmission; electric power transmission networks; low power
   electronics; machine learning; optical fibers; stochastic systems; dynamic
   line rating; energy; energy transmission; line ratings; machine learning;
   microcontroller; neural networks; power transmission; tiny neural network;
   transmission line ratings; overhead lines

---

UT 958
AR Liao J/1, 2024, J SUPERCOMPUT, V80, P21508, DOI 10.1007/s11227-024-06160-3
TI MWformer: a novel low computational cost image restoration algorithm
AU Liao J/1; Peng C; Jiang L; Ma Y; Liang W; Li K-C; Poniszewska-Maranda A
TC 3
SO J SUPERCOMPUT
PY 2024
AB The development of the Internet of Things has led to a surge in edge
   devices.  The image detection algorithm, one of the commonly used algorithms
   in edge computing, is affected by environments such as weather, light, air
   humidity, smoke, and dust, so an image restoration algorithm is needed to
   preprocess the image in practice.  Most currently proposed deep learning
   image restoration algorithms are based on general-purpose servers with high
   computational overhead to minimize the environmental effects.  Edge devices
   are limited in size, power consumption, and computing performance, making
   the performance of deep learning-based image restoration algorithms on edge
   devices poor.  In this work, we propose an image restoration algorithm that
   combines wavelet transform and transformer, named MWformer, to reduce
   computational overhead, optimize the feature map size, network structure,
   and network depth, and introduce the wavelet transformation to reduce the
   super-parameters.  Experimental tests on multiple public datasets for
   various image restoration tasks show that the proposed MWformer ensures high
   performance in numerous image restoration tasks, and the computational
   overhead is 10% of the state-of-the-art algorithm, on average.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC,
   part of Springer Nature 2024.
DE image restoration; tiny machine learning; uformer; wavelet transform
ID deep learning; image compression; learning algorithms; restoration; smoke;
   wavelet transforms; computational costs; computational overheads; detection
   algorithm; image detection; image restoration algorithms; machine learning;
   performance; tiny machine learning; uforme; wavelets transform; image
   reconstruction

---

UT 966
AR Rapa PM, 2024, IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS61083.2024.10798302
TI Embedded Multi-Sensor Smartwatch for Computationally Intensive Biosignal
   Processing
AU Rapa PM; Orlandi M; Zanghieri M; Benini L; Benatti S
TC 3
SO IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS
PY 2024
AB Over the past decades, the rapid expansion of the wearable market has led to
   significant advances in integrated devices and technologies, particularly in
   smartwatches.  These devices can unobtrusively acquire various physiological
   signals such as ECG, EDA, and PPG, resulting ideal for real-time monitoring
   of vital parameters in medical diagnostics, consumer health, and sports
   performance analysis.  However, existing commercial solutions often do not
   focus on health-specific applications and face challenges in sensor
   integration, hardware/software optimization, and onboard signal processing.
   This paper introduces GAPWatch, a smartwatch-shaped platform with a PCB size
   of 49 × 47 × 1.2 mm based on GAP9 SoC for efficient onboard signal
   processing and designed to acquire ECG, PPG, inertial data, and 16-channels
   sEMG. The platform also features an ESP32-based radio module for
   connectivity and an STM32U5 MCU acting as a gateway.  The system is
   validated in three scenarios: high-rate sEMG acquisition and streaming, low-
   rate ECG, PPG, and IMU data streaming, and onboard heart rate (HR)
   estimation using a TCN. In the HR estimation scenario, GAPWatch performs an
   inference every 2 seconds, transmitting results via BLE while consuming only
   10.02 mW, yielding a battery life of over 92 hours.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; low power; smartwatch; tinyml; wearable
ID cardiology; gateways ( computer networks ); mhealth; physiological models;
   system-on-chip; biosignal processing; embedded-system; heart-rate; low
   power; multi sensor; rate estimation; signal processing; smartwatch; tinyml;
   wearable; electrocardiography

---

UT 989
AR Ksira Z, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V984 LNNS, P373, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-60629-8_37
TI TinyML Model for Fault Classification of Photovoltaic Modules Based on
   Visible Images
AU Ksira Z; Blasuttigh N; Mellit A; Massi Pavan A
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB In this paper, a Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) model is developed for fault
   classification of photovoltaic (PV) modules.  A dataset based on visible
   images of healthy and faulty PV modules has been collected at different
   locations.  The examined defects are: discolored cells, cracked PV modules,
   bubble formation, bird droppings, dirt accumulation, sand deposit,
   corrosion, shading effect, and snail trails.  The Edge Impulse platform has
   been used to develop and optimize our TinyML model, which is then integrated
   onto a low-power microcontroller for a real time application.  The
   simulation results show a good overall classification accuracy of 92%
   whereas experimental results demonstrate the ability of the developed TinyML
   model to be deployed for real-world and low-cost applications.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE deep learning; fault classification; microcontroller; photovoltaic; tinyml;
   visible images
ID corrosion; deep learning; image classification; learning systems; bird
   droppings; deep learning; fault classification; machine learning models;
   machine learning; module-based; photovoltaic modules; photovoltaics; tiny
   machine learning; visible image; microcontrollers

---

UT 999
AR Gurram MR, 2024, IEEE PHYS ASSUR INSP ELECTRON PAINE, DOI
   10.1109/PAINE62042.2024.10792760
TI Isolation Forest Based TinyML for Detecting Hardware Trojans on FPGA in Real
   Time
AU Gurram MR; Mithun Kumar PK; Amsaad F
TC 3
SO IEEE PHYS ASSUR INSP ELECTRON PAINE
PY 2024
AB The growing utilization of microcontrollers and FPGAs across several sectors
   has amplified the vulnerability to hardware attacks, namely the potential
   for information leakage via hardware Trojans.  Real-time detection of these
   Trojans is essential for preserving the integrity and security of hardware
   systems.  This research presents a new method for detecting hardware Trojans
   in real-time by combining TinyML and FPGA technology.  By utilizing the
   capabilities of FPGA, we gather timing and power data to detect
   irregularities that could potentially indicate the existence of hardware
   Trojans.  We employ a training process that utilizes an Isolation Forest
   machine learning model, which is recognized for its strong capability in
   identifying anomalies.  Subsequently, the model is transformed into Verilog
   code and implemented on the FPGA, facilitating the detection of Trojans with
   high efficiency and effectiveness during the execution of a program.  The
   proposed solution not only improves the security of the hardware, but also
   proves the possibility of combining advanced machine learning models with
   FPGA technology for real-time applications.  The outcomes of our study
   demonstrate substantial enhancements in the precision and efficiency of
   detection, therefore facilitating the development and implementation of more
   secure hardware designs.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE fpga; hardware trojan; isolation forest; side channel; tinyml
ID computer viruses; digital storage; hardware security; side channel attack;
   fpga technology; hardware attack; information leakage; isolation forest;
   machine learning models; real- time; real-time detection; side channel;
   tinyml; trojans; information leakage

---

UT 514
AR Agrawal K, 2024, IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS61083.2024.10798396
TI Neural Decision Tree for Bio-TinyML
AU Agrawal K; Borthakur A; Singh AK; Srikaran P; Nandi D; Pujari O
TC 2
SO IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS
PY 2024
AB Deep neural networks(NN) are widely popular candidates for introducing
   machine learning in resource-constrained devices(tinyML). However, NNs in
   tinyML applications come with constraints such as high memory footprint and
   power consumption.  Another popular candidate is decision trees (DT), which
   are lightweight, but in DT - choosing the tree depth, the best feature, and
   the threshold for subsetting data is not end-to-end as in parameter tuning
   of NNs.  Hence, we here design a Neural Decision Tree (NDT), which can be
   trained using backpropagation in an end-to-end fashion and is simultaneously
   lightweight.  We evaluate NDT for potential healthcare applications in
   Epileptic Seizure, Cervical Cancer, Breast Cancer, Parkinson's, and Heart
   Disease Detection.  Careful studies reveal that NDT performs at par with NNs
   but is computationally simpler with fewer neurons and with a hugely reduced
   number of multiply-accumulate operations(MACs). In addition, we propose
   methods for interpreting NDT behavior.  Moreover, we perform systematic
   ablation studies on NDT to justify the design choices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE decision tree; deep learning; healthcare; low power; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; deep learning; end to
   end; healthcare; low power; machine learning; memory footprint; neural
   networks; power; resource-constrained devices; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 523
AR Arratia B, 2024, PROC INT SYMP MOB AD HOC NETW COMPUT, P458, DOI
   10.1145/3641512.3690040
TI AI*LoRa: Enabling Efficient Long-Range Communication with Machine Learning
   at the Edge
AU Arratia B; Rosas E; Pietrosemoli E; Zennaro M; Cecilia JM; Manzoni P
TC 2
SO PROC INT SYMP MOB AD HOC NETW COMPUT
PY 2024
AB Efficient long-range communication is critical for environmental monitoring,
   especially when dealing with large data transfers in remote areas.  We
   present an AI-driven dynamic RF configuration mode, which combines the
   advanced capabilities of a novel AI*LoRa model with an enhanced RF
   configuration request mechanism.  By leveraging TinyML, AI*LoRa dynamically
   adjusts key parameters of the physical layer, based on real-time
   environmental data, ensuring robust and energy-efficient communication.  We
   conducted extensive real-world testing across distances ranging from a few
   meters to over 100 kilometers to collect the dataset necessary for training
   our model.  The results demonstrate that our approach achieved over 90%
   accuracy in predicting optimal settings, leading to an average improvement
   of over 170% in communication efficiency.  These findings underscore
   AI*LoRa’s significant potential to enhance long-range IoT deployments.  ©
   2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE aiot; edge computing; energy efficiency; environmental intelligence; iot;
   lora; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; aiot; edge computing; energy; environmental
   intelligence; environmental monitoring; iot; long-range communications;
   lora; machine learning; tinyml; environmental monitoring

---

UT 537
AR Bru-Santa I, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P377, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00021-X
TI Embedded intelligence in Internet of Things scenarios: TinyML meets eBPF
AU Bru-Santa I; Gallego-Madrid J; Sanchez-Iborra R; Skarmeta A
TC 2
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB The emerging field of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) allows the deployment
   of Machine Learning (ML) models on resource-constrained devices.  Besides,
   one of the most promising technologies for addressing the exponential growth
   of data traffic in Internet of Things (IoT) networks is extended Berkeley
   Packet Filter (eBPF), which enables the execution of sandboxed programs
   within the Linux kernel, without the need to modify the kernel's source
   code.  This study presents significant progress in the implementation of
   complex ML models within the Linux kernel by leveraging the comprehensive
   capabilities provided by eBPF and TinyML technologies.  Concretely, in the
   presented experimental validation, we show notable improvements in terms of
   execution time and CPU usage, when a Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) model is
   run within the kernel in comparison to its execution in user space.  This
   achievement establishes a solid foundation for the direct integration of ML
   techniques within the IoT data plane.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights
   reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar
   technologies.
DE cybersecurity; ebpf; iot; tinyml

---

UT 553
AR Cheong L-A, 2024, IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC, DOI
   10.1109/A-SSCC60305.2024.10849083
TI A 28nm 166.9 TOPS/W x Mb/mm2 DRAM-Free QLC Compute-in-ROM Macro Supporting
   High Task-Level Inference Energy Efficiency for Tiny AI Edge Devices
AU Cheong L-A; Wang C; Zhou M; Liao T; Lee M; Ke Y; Tang W/1; Chen Y/1; Du X;
   Liu Y/1; Yang H/2; Li X/1
TC 2
SO IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC
PY 2024
AB Compute-in-Memory (CiM) is recognized as a promising approach to mitigating
   the high communication costs due to the 'memory wall' bottleneck in the
   traditional von Neumann architecture.  Given the advancements in the
   Internet-of-Things (IOT) and artificial intelligence (AI), where neural
   network (NN) models are continually increasing in size and complexity, large
   storage CiM holds promise for accelerating deep NN (DNNs) on resource-
   constrained edge devices, enabling efficient processing with minimal or no
   weights loading from off-chip memory.  However, as illustrated in Fig.  1,
   there are two primary challenges that hinder existing CiM solutions [2-6]
   for edge AI applications: (1) the high cost of off-chip data movement due to
   low on-chip CiM macro density, and (2) the trade-off between CiM output A/D
   conversion (ADC) precision, energy, and throughput in multi-bit multiply-
   and-accumulate (MAC) operations.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID analog storage; deep neural networks; dynamic random access storage; network
   security; semiconductor storage; solar power generation; static random
   access storage; communication cost; energy; high costs; memory wall; neumann
   architecture; neural network model; neural networks; off-chip; off-chip
   memory; task levels; memory architecture

---

UT 554
AR Lorenzo AM, 2024, ICAAEEI - INT CONF ADISUTJIPTO AEROSP ELECTR ENG
   INFORMATICS SHAP FUTUR WORK AEROSP TECHNOL SCI ENG IND DISRUPT ERA, DOI
   10.1109/ICAAEEI63658.2024.10899158
TI Trees have Ears: An Acoustic Surveillance and TinyML-Based for Detecting
   Illegal Logging
AU Lorenzo AM; Barien R; Favila ND; Basa D; Ventura JM; Catolos S
TC 2
SO ICAAEEI - INT CONF ADISUTJIPTO AEROSP ELECTR ENG INFORMATICS SHAP FUTUR WORK
   AEROSP TECHNOL SCI ENG IND DISRUPT ERA
PY 2024
AB This study presents an innovative acoustic surveillance system utilizing
   TinyML to detect illegal logging in the rainforests of the Philippines.  To
   overcome the limitations of traditional methods, the researchers integrated
   acoustic data capture with machine learning algorithms on the RP2040
   microcontroller.  Two feature extraction methods - spectrogram and Mel
   Filterbank Energy (MFE) - were compared for training machine learning models
   in both binary and multiclass sound classification tasks.  The spectrogram-
   based binary model demonstrated exceptional accuracy, efficient resource
   utilization, and fast execution, making it ideal for resourceconstrained
   environments.  Meanwhile, the MFE binary model excelled in real-world
   acoustic analysis and performed well in multiclass classification, achieving
   84.4% accuracy at an 8 kHz sampling rate and 89.6% at 16 kHz.  Furthermore,
   tests confirmed reliable chainsaw sound detection up to 20 meters away.
   These findings offer an effective solution for illegal logging detection and
   provide valuable insights into optimizing models based on context and
   hardware configurations.  This system contributes significantly to global
   efforts in ecosystem monitoring and conservation.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE acoustic surveillance; illegal logging detection; mel-filterbank energy;
   spectrogram; tinyml
ID crime; image coding; acoustic surveillance; binary models; energy; illegal
   logging; illegal logging detection; mel-filterbank energy; philippines;
   spectrograms; surveillance systems; tinyml; spectrographs

---

UT 556
AR Nguyen QM, 2024, ICCE - IEEE INT CONF COMMUN ELECTRON, P415, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE62051.2024.10634657
TI Resource-Constrained Intelligent Trap: Fruit Flies Surveillance Framework
   with TinyML Integration
AU Nguyen QM; Le VT; Lai MN; Vo HB
TC 2
SO ICCE - IEEE INT CONF COMMUN ELECTRON
PY 2024
AB The threat posed by fruit flies to fruit crops requires innovative solutions
   to protect the harvest.  Our research introduces an advanced solution to
   safeguard fruit crops from the menace of fruit flies using the ESP-EYE
   microcontroller and the FOMO algorithm with Edge Impulse AI Platform.  Our
   intelligent insect trap is equipped with advanced features and demonstrates
   excellent performance.  With a maximum RAM usage of 2.4Mb and an inference
   time of 5.694 seconds, the device achieves an impressive 96 percent accuracy
   based on the Intersection over the Union threshold (IoU) of 0.5. This
   effective solution not only ensures professional detection and count
   capabilities but also provides timely notifications to farmers about
   potential threats.  It enables the use of targeted pesticides use in regions
   with high fruit flies, minimizing widespread spraying, and ensuring
   efficient crop protection.  Furthermore, the trap runs smoothly without
   human intervention, thanks to its automatic replacement feature for fly-
   stained adhesive traps.  This sustainable approach, adaptable to various
   types of pests, improves resource utilization and productivity, underscoring
   its significant value in agriculture and other related fields.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE aiot; edge computing; embeddedml; esp32; fomo; fruit fly; tinyml
ID crop protection; aiot; edge computing; embeddedml; esp32; fomo; fruit crops;
   fruitflies; innovative solutions; performance; tinyml; fruits

---

UT 563
AR Elallam  O, 2024, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2167 CCIS, P268, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-77040-1_20
TI Tiny-ML and IoT Based Early Covid19 Detection Wearable System
AU Elallam  O; Jami O; Zaki M
TC 2
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2024
AB The COVID-19 pandemic has unleashed significant global challenges, straining
   healthcare systems and impacting millions.  Traditional diagnostic methods,
   such as PCR tests and chest X-ray scans, while effective, face accessibility
   and scalability issues, particularly in developing regions.  Furthermore,
   these methods do not offer continuous monitoring, critical for early
   detection and intervention to prevent severe disease progression.
   Addressing these gaps, our research introduces an innovative AI and IoT-
   based wearable health monitoring system.  Designed for affordability and
   ease of use, this wearable device integrates vital signs sensors—heart rate,
   blood oxygen saturation, and body temperature—alongside a small touch screen
   for symptom reporting.  A distinctive aspect of our device is its embedded
   TinyML model, utilizing an XGBoost algorithm, that facilitates immediate on-
   device COVID-19 infection prediction.  This feature significantly enhances
   the device’s utility by enabling real-time health status updates and early
   warning signals for potential COVID-19 infection, which is particularly
   vital in settings lacking robust healthcare infrastructure.  Moreover, by
   eliminating the need for external data processing, our approach not only
   ensures data privacy and security but also addresses the critical delay in
   diagnosis, offering a scalable solution adaptable across various healthcare
   scenarios.  Through this system, we aim to democratize access to COVID-19
   screening and monitoring, presenting a significant advancement in wearable
   healthcare technologies and their application in pandemic response and
   beyond.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE covid-19; iot; tiny machine learning; wearable medical device
ID covid-19; diagnosis; electronic health record; covid-19; diagnostic methods;
   global challenges; healthcare systems; iot; machine learning; scalability
   issue; tiny machine learning; wearable medical devices; wearable systems;
   touch screens

---

UT 566
AR Chougule S, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P125, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00012-9
TI Software frameworks for TinyML
AU Chougule S; Ghorpade SN; Chaudhari BS; Zennaro M
TC 2
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB This chapter presents various software frameworks and tools available for
   TinyML and Edge Intelligence.  It covers TinyML challenges primarily
   software point of view.  It discusses software frameworks and libraries such
   TensorFlow Lite.  Various development environments such as Edge Impulse
   Studio, Rubiscape, Imagimob, Qeexo AutoML, and others are also discussed.  ©
   2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those for text and
   data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE edge impulse studio rubiscape; nanoedge ai studio; pytorch mobile; qeexo;
   stm32cubeai; tensorflow lite; tinyml benchmarking; tinyml challenges;
   utensor

---

UT 572
AR Armeniakos G, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS61496.2024.10848979
TI Accelerating TinyML Inference on Microcontrollers Through Approximate
   Kernels
AU Armeniakos G; Mentzos G; Soudris D
TC 2
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB The rapid growth of microcontroller-based IoT devices has opened up numerous
   applications, from smart manufacturing to personalized healthcare.  Despite
   the widespread adoption of energy-efficient microcontroller units (MCUs) in
   the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) domain, they still face significant
   limitations in terms of performance and memory (RAM, Flash). In this work,
   we combine approximate computing and software kernel design to accelerate
   the inference of approximate CNN models on MCUs.  Our kernel-based
   approximation framework firstly unpacks the operands of each convolution
   layer and then conducts an offline calculation to determine the significance
   of each operand.  Subsequently, through a design space exploration, it
   employs a computation skipping approximation strategy based on the
   calculated significance.  Our evaluation on an STM32-Nucleo board and 2
   popular CNNs trained on the CIFAR-10 dataset shows that, compared to state-
   of-the-art exact inference, our Pareto optimal solutions can feature on
   average 21% latency reduction with no degradation in Top-1 classification
   accuracy, while for lower accuracy requirements, the corresponding reduction
   becomes even more pronounced.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE approximate computing; mcus; tinyml
ID microcontrollers; pareto principle; space research; approximate computing;
   energy efficient; machine learning; microcontroller unit; microcontroller-
   based; performance; personalized healthcare; rapid growth; smart
   manufacturing; tiny machine learning; smart manufacturing

---

UT 578
AR Ghorpade SN, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P453, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00024-5
TI Emerging application use cases and future directions
AU Ghorpade SN; Chougule S
TC 2
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB This chapter is intended to present emerging application use cases and
   future directions for TinyML and Edge Intelligence.  It includes the
   foundations of TinyML, and the steps, challenges, and solutions for TinyML
   application development in various fields such as smart vehicles, anomaly
   detection, healthcare, smart farming, and smart environments.  These
   applications are discussed in detail along with other related applications.
   © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those for text and
   data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE anomaly detection; edge intelligence; healthcare; smart environments; smart
   farming; smart vehicles; tinyml

---

UT 583
AR Ghorpade SN, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P65, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00009-9
TI TinyML: principles and algorithms
AU Ghorpade SN; Chougule S; Chaudhari BS; Zennaro M
TC 2
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB This chapter is intended to discuss the fundamentals of TinyML and its
   algorithms.  It covers overview of TinyML and benefits, workflow, AI and
   edge computing, traditional machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement
   learning and deep reinforcement learning, federated learning, edge computing
   optimization using AI solutions, computing offloading optimization, energy
   consumption reduction using non-computation offloading methods, hardware
   structure optimization, security of edge computing, data privacy, resource
   allocation optimization.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved,
   including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar
   technologies.
DE deep learning; edge intelligence; federated learning; reinforcement
   learning; tinyml

---

UT 592
AR Witt N, 2024, UNLOCKING ARTIF INTELL THEORY APPL, P359, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-64832-8_19
TI Energy-Efficient AI on the Edge
AU Witt N; Deutel M; Schubert J; Sobel C; Woller P
TC 2
SO UNLOCKING ARTIF INTELL THEORY APPL
PY 2024
AB This chapter shows methods for the resource-optimized design of AI
   functionality for edge devices powered by microprocessors or
   microcontrollers.  The goal is to identify Pareto-optimal solutions that
   satisfy both resource restrictions (energy and memory) and AI performance.
   To accelerate the design of energyefficient classical machine learning
   pipelines, an AutoML tool based on evolutionary algorithms is presented,
   which uses an energy prediction model from assembly instructions (prediction
   accuracy 3.1%) to integrate the energy demand into a multiobjective
   optimization approach.  For the deployment of deep neural network-based AI
   models, deep compression methods are exploited in an efficient design space
   exploration technique based on reinforcement learning.  The resulting DNNs
   can be executed with a self-developed runtime for embedded devices
   (dnnruntime), which is benchmarked using the MLPerf Tiny benchmark.  The
   developed methods shall enable the fast development of AI functions for the
   edge by providing AutoML-like solutions for classical as well as for deep
   learning.  The developed workflows shall narrow the gap between data
   scientist and hardware engineers to realize working applications.  By
   iteratively applying the presented methods during the development process,
   edge AI systems could be realized with minimized project risks.
DE automl; classical machine learning; deep compression; design space
   exploration; edge ai; tinyml

---

UT 595
AR Höhne E, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1028 LNNS, P32, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-61905-2_4
TI Data-Driven Mobility and Transport Planning in Municipalities: Smart
   Solutions for Limited Resources
AU Höhne E; Teich T; Scharf O; Leonhardt S; Schlachte M; Trommer M; Mewes C;
   Kraus M; Bergelt S; Queck-Hänel S
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB The research paper highlights the importance of data-driven approaches in
   urban and mobility development for local communities.  Tailor-made
   solutions, based on a precise understanding of local challenges, are
   essential, especially for smaller or financially weaker municipalities.
   Implementing a data-gathering infrastructure, particularly within Smart City
   concepts, often presents challenges due to limited technical and financial
   resources, as well as a lack of expertise.  To address these issues, a
   video-based traffic detector was developed to enable flexible and minimally
   invasive traffic measurement.  This technology differs from traditional AI
   models through its miniaturization and application to less powerful embedded
   systems.  The ‘Machine Learning on the edge’ approach was tested in Zwickau,
   Saxony, Germany, where its robustness and reliability were confirmed by
   comparison with manual traffic counts.  The field study demonstrated that
   reliable data collection is possible even with minimal technical resources.
   This contrasts with traditional traffic detection technologies, which rely
   on induction loops and compute-intensive systems.  The novel approach offers
   a cost-efficient alternative, particularly suitable for minor townships with
   limited fiscal capacity.  The study's conclusions recommend promoting data-
   based approaches in municipal planning, investing in cost-effective
   technologies like video-based traffic detectors, emphasizing scalability and
   adaptability, and continuously monitoring and improving data solutions.
   This enables the implementation of Smart City concepts even in financially
   challenged municipalities, contributing to the improvement of local quality
   of life.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE ai model; tiny machine learning; video-based detection
ID cost effectiveness; embedded systems; smart city; ai model; data driven;
   machine learning; research papers; smart solutions; technical resources;
   tiny machine learning; traffic detectors; transport planning; video-based
   detection; machine learning

---

UT 610
AR Li Y/3, 2024, EUR SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF, P149, DOI
   10.1109/ESSERC62670.2024.10719427
TI A 28 nm 0.25-0.61 mW 31-60fps Versatile SoC for Diverse Extreme Edge ML
   Workloads with Flexible Hetero-Fabric Dataflow Orchestration and
   Compute/Storage-Density-Adjustable CIM
AU Li Y/3; Jia W; Lin X; Yu S; He Y; Wang W/2; Li X; Zhang L/1; Xie Y; Lin J;
   Yang H/2; Jia H; Yue J; Liu Y/1
TC 2
SO EUR SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF
PY 2024
AB This work presents an ultra-low power versatile SoC for diverse extreme edge
   ML workloads.  It has four key features: 1) Hetero-fabric and flexible
   dataflow orchestration co-design to achieve high utilization of the compute-
   in-memory (CIM) core and digital core (Dcore) with reduced L1 memory access.
   2) Performance-balance-aware DVFS enabling layer-wise adjustable clock
   frequency ratio of CIM and Dcore for further power reduction.  3) A
   reconfigurable-LUT-based CIM macro with dynamic adjustable compute and
   storage density to fit the varying layers of neural network models.  4) A
   multi-operator-fused unified Dcore, where various operators can all be
   uniformly implemented on the multiply-accumulate-based reconfigurable PEs.
   The fabricated 28nm chip achieves 7 × higher SoC energy efficiency compared
   with the state-of-the-art tinyML SoC. It supports diverse extreme edge
   applications and various tinyML models, achieving practical performance
   (e.g., no less than 30fps) with no more than 0.5 mW power on all tasks of
   MLPerf Tiny while meeting the quality target.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE compute-in-memory; extreme edge; hetero-fabric; mlperf tiny benchmark;
   tinyml; ultra-low power; versatile
ID benchmarking; electronic design automation; integrated circuit design; low
   power electronics; multilayer neural networks; network-on-chip; phase locked
   loops; printed circuit design; time difference of arrival; virtual storage;
   compute-in-memory; dataflow; digital core; extreme edge; hetero-fabric;
   mlperf tiny benchmark; storage densities; tinyml; ultra-low power;
   versatile; programmable logic controllers

---

UT 632
AR [Anonymous], 2024, COSM - IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SEMICOND MECHATRONICS INTELL
   SYST COMMUN PROC, P212, DOI 10.1109/COSMIC63293.2024.10871369
TI Safe Steps: A Smart Security System for Elderly
TC 2
SO COSM - IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SEMICOND MECHATRONICS INTELL SYST COMMUN PROC
PY 2024
AB Falls are one of the primary causes of injuries among older adults, which
   lowers their quality of life and has detrimental effects on their health.
   As the global population ages, it's crucial that they maintain their
   independence and safety.  The proposed model aims to provide a comprehensive
   solution to enhance senior citizen protection.  Promptly identifying and
   avoiding falls can improve the well-being of elderly individuals and greatly
   reduce risks.  Traditional methods of fall detection are prone to errors.
   Thus, the proposed model is designed to overcome such errors and accurately
   predict the falls.  Tiny ML simplifies the deployment of machine learning
   models on low-power microcontrollers and edge devices, making it a great
   choice for lightweight and energy efficient applications by designing a
   small wearable device that can process data locally for quick detection and
   alert generation which helps to improve the safety and independence of
   elderly people.  The proposed model also includes camera-based fall
   detection for indoor navigation.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; cloud ( ubidots ); computer vision; convolutional
   neural network ( cnn ); machine learning; opencv; pose-estimation and tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; convolutional neural networks; risk
   assessment; cloud ( ubidot ); convolutional neural network; fall detection;
   global population; machine learning; older adults; opencv; pose-estimation
   and tinyml; pose-estimation; quality of life; fall detection

---

UT 635
AR Trpcheska A, 2024, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS60918.2024.10636604
TI Towards Real-Time Vision-Based Sign Language Recognition on Edge Devices
AU Trpcheska A; Zevnik F; Bader S
TC 2
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB This paper presents a comparative study focused on the classification of
   American Sign Language (ASL) gestures and the challenges involved in
   interpreting the signs for effective communication.  Using transfer learning
   this study evaluates three variants of MobileNet, a machine-learning model
   optimized for low-resource environments, on a vision-based dataset.  The
   models are deployed on an STM32F746G microcontroller with a Cortex-M7 core.
   Two frameworks are compared, namely TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers and
   STM32Cube.AI. An ArduCam Mini camera with a maximum image resolution of 5
   megapixels is utilized to capture the hand gestures.  The study concludes
   that STM32Cube.AI is the preferred implementation due to its lower model ROM
   and RAM requirements.  Among the three tested models, MobileNetV1 is the
   most suitable for the task, achieving the highest F1-score of 0.865, the
   smallest memory footprint of 290.96 kB of ROM and 85.59 kB of RAM, and the
   shortest inference time of 103 ms.  Despite these promising results, the
   models encountered some difficulties distinguishing between similar signs,
   highlighting the challenges involved in real-time sign language recognition
   and the need for further research.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE american sign language; computer vision; embedded machine learning; embedded
   systems; tinyml; transfer learning
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; federated learning;
   gesture recognition; machine vision; transfer learning; visual languages;
   american sign language; comparatives studies; embedded machine learning;
   embedded machines; embedded-system; machine learning; real-time vision;
   tinyml; transfer learning; vision-based sign language recognition; embedded
   systems

---

UT 662
AR Alvanaki EL, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
TI Decoupled Access-Execute Enabled DVFS for TinyML Deployments on STM32
   Microcontrollers
AU Alvanaki EL; Katsaragakis M; Masouros D; Xydis S; Soudris D
TC 2
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2024
AB Over the last years the rapid growth Machine Learning (ML) inference
   applications deployed on the Edge is rapidly increasing.  Recent Internet of
   Things (IoT) devices and microcontrollers (MCUs), become more and more
   mainstream in everyday activities.  In this work we focus on the family of
   STM32 MCUs.  We propose a novel methodology for CNN deployment on the STM32
   family, focusing on power optimization through effective clocking
   exploration and configuration and decoupled access-execute convolution
   kernel execution.  Our approach is enhanced with optimization of the power
   consumption through Dynamic Voltage and Frequency Scaling (DVFS) under
   various latency constraints, composing an NP-complete optimization problem.
   We compare our approach against the state-of-the-art TinyEngine inference
   engine, as well as TinyEngine coupled with power-saving modes of the STM32
   MCUs, indicating that we can achieve up to 25.2% less energy consumption for
   varying QoS levels.  © 2024 EDAA.
DE cnn; decoupled access execution; dvfs; mcus; microcontroller; stm32
ID controllers; dynamic frequency scaling; energy utilization; internet of
   things; optimization; voltage scaling; convolution kernel; decoupled access
   execution; dynamic voltage and frequency scaling; machine learning; mcu;
   novel methodology; optimizations; power optimization; rapid growth; stm32;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 675
AR Siddique Mahi AB, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1170 LNNS, P512, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-73344-4_44
TI QBNet: A Lightweight Quantized Model for Dynamic Banana Disease Recognition
AU Siddique Mahi AB; Sultana Eshita F; Jahin Mowla T; Saha AK; Rashid Al Masud
   SM
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB Bananas are an extremely in-demand and widely consumed fruit in Bangladesh.
   Due to their easy availability and low cost, bananas are a favored fruit
   among people of all ages in our country.  Banana diseases are capable of
   causing significant damage to banana cultivations across the world.  These
   diseases put banana production at risk, causing crop damage and financial
   losses for producers.  Farmers can save plants from disease by identifying
   them early and improving their quality and quantity.  Many researchers have
   introduced new approaches that combine deep learning and machine learning to
   detect banana plant leaf disease.  These approaches require a lot of
   computational power and time.  The extensive hardware requirements of
   complex architectures, such as CNNs, limit the effective execution of
   resource-constrained devices.  In this study, we introduce a lightweight
   quantized model, QBNet, for easy deployment in resource-constrained devices.
   The proposed QBNet is the quantized version of the BNet model.  BNet is a
   deep neural architecture-based model that can distinguish between healthy
   leaves and those affected by three distinct diseases.  Our QBNet model,
   employing int8 quantization, achieves a 12-fold reduction in weight compared
   to BNet, resulting in a compact model size of only 1.2 MB. The experimental
   results show that the QBNet model outperformed several transfer learning
   models, namely DenseNet201, ResNet50, and VGG19, with an accuracy of 99%
   while the BNet model achieved an accuracy of 99.21%. © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE banana disease detection; plant disease; qbnet; tinyml; transfer learning
ID deep neural networks; transfer learning; availability costs; banana disease
   detection; bangladesh; disease detection; plant disease; qbnet; quantized
   models; resource-constrained devices; tinyml; transfer learning; fruits

---

UT 689
AR Baikas E, 2024, GECCO COMPANION - PROC GENET EVOL COMPUT CONF COMPANION,
   P255, DOI 10.1145/3638530.3654109
TI Evolutionary Data Subset Selection for Class-Incremental Learning on Memory-
   Constrained Systems
AU Baikas E; Tarapore D; Thomas D
TC 2
SO GECCO COMPANION - PROC GENET EVOL COMPUT CONF COMPANION
PY 2024
AB Training Machine Learning classifiers on extreme edge devices with non-
   volatile memory size ≤ 10 MB is challenging because of a) the small number
   of data examples that can be preserved on-device and b) the dynamic nature
   of the training dataset caused by the continual collection of new examples.
   Learning from a stream of data batches, each consisting of examples from a
   new class, is studied by class-incremental Continual Learning.We address the
   challenge of training an ML classifier on an extreme edge device that
   collects examples in a class-incremental fashion and propose a framework for
   selecting which examples should be preserved in non-volatile memory.  We
   apply a genetic algorithm to identify data subsets with minimal degradation
   in the top-1 accuracy of a k-Nearest-Neighbors classifier.We evaluate the
   proposed subset selection method on MNIST and FashionMNIST datasets and
   observe top-1 accuracy gains of 26.3 % and 18.6 % relative to the mean
   accuracy obtained by random balanced subsets containing only 0.05 % of the
   training set.  When the genetic algorithm was applied to a class-incremental
   setting, it achieved comparable accuracy to random balanced selection with
   8× less non-volatile memory in specific cases.  © 2024 held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE genetic algorithms; pattern recognition and classification; supervised
   learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; federated learning;
   genetic algorithms; nonvolatile storage; semi-supervised learning;
   constrained systems; data subsets; incremental learning; learning
   classifiers; machine learning; nonvolatile memory; pattern recognition and
   classification; subset selection; tinyml; training machines; self-supervised
   learning

---

UT 702
AR Li M/1, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, DOI 10.1145/3649329.3657369
TI SPARK: An Efficient Hybrid Acceleration Architecture with Run-Time Sparsity-
   Aware Scheduling for TinyML Learning
AU Li M/1; Zhi Q; Dong Y; Ye L; Jia T
TC 2
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2024
AB Currently most TinyML devices only focus on inference, as training requires
   much more hardware resources.  In this paper, we introduce SPARK, an
   efficient hybrid acceleration architecture with run-time sparsity-aware
   scheduling for TinyML learning.  Besides a standalone accelerator, an in-
   pipeline acceleration unit is integrated within the CPU pipeline to support
   simultaneous forward and backward propagation.  To better utilize sparsity
   and improve hardware utilization, a sparsity-aware acceleration scheduler is
   implemented to schedule the workload between two acceleration units.  A
   unified memory system is also constructed to support transposable data
   fetch, reducing memory access.  We implement SPARK using TSMC 22nm
   technology and evaluate different TinyML tasks.  Compared with the baseline
   accelerator, SPARK achieves 4.1× performance improvement in average with
   only 2.27% area overhead.  SPARK also outperforms off-shelf edge devices in
   performance by 9.4× with 446.0× higher efficiency.  © 2024 Copyright is held
   by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE in-pipeline acceleration; on-device learning; sparsity-aware scheduling;
   tinyml
ID digital storage; particle accelerators; program processors; forward
   propagation; forward-and-backward; hardware resources; hybrid acceleration;
   in-pipeline acceleration; on-device learning; performance; runtimes;
   sparsity-aware scheduling; tinyml; memory architecture

---

UT 714
AR Rimoli GP/1, 2024, INT CONF BLOCKCHAIN COMPUT APPL BCCA, P124, DOI
   10.1109/BCCA62388.2024.10844426
TI Tiny Federated Learning with Blockchain for Privacy and Security
   Preservation of MCU-Based IoT Applications
AU Rimoli GP/1; Boi B; Fusco P; Esposito C; Ficco M/1
TC 2
SO INT CONF BLOCKCHAIN COMPUT APPL BCCA
PY 2024
AB In several Internet of Things (IoT) application contexts, such as autonomous
   vehicles, healthcare, and smart cities, massive amounts of data are produced
   at the edge and used in neural networks deployed in central servers or the
   cloud.  On the other hand, physical or legal constraints may restrict the
   use of this data only locally.  Thus, the development of secure and
   efficient traditional Machine Learning solutions in the IoT context can be a
   huge challenge.  Therefore, this paper combines an approach based on Tiny
   Federated Learning and Transfer Learning with on-board training, as an
   effective paradigm to continuously analyze data locally without having to
   transfer sensitive data to untrusted servers and networks.  Moreover, a
   decentralized blockchain-based federated learning framework is implemented
   to provide tamper-proof data protection and resistance to malicious or
   compromised tiny devices.  A prototype is created based on the Hyperledger
   Fabric and real resource-constrained microcontrollers to assess the
   viability of the proposed solution.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE blockchain; federated learning; mcu; on-board training; tinyml
ID blockchain; application contexts; autonomous vehicles; blockchain; central
   servers; hand constraints; mcu; neural networks; on-board training; privacy
   and security; tinyml; federated learning

---

UT 715
AR Hammoud B, 2024, DIG INT GEOSCI REMOTE SENS SYMP (IGARSS), P6339, DOI
   10.1109/IGARSS53475.2024.10640763
TI FPGA Onboard Processing of Tiny-ML Models Using Radar-Sensing for Oil Spill
   Monitoring
AU Hammoud B; Ney J; Maroun CB; Wehn N
TC 2
SO DIG INT GEOSCI REMOTE SENS SYMP (IGARSS)
PY 2024
AB Deep learning models have been widely used recently for environmental
   monitoring.  Unless designed carefully, they are well known for their large
   computational complexity and long computation time, which limit their direct
   utilization as onsite embedded solutions.  Therefore, to assure their
   suitability for onboard processing on drones during tactical responses, we
   propose in this paper energy-efficient and highly accurate tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) models in the field of radar remote sensing for oil spill
   monitoring.  More precisely, the proposed signal processing models are based
   on artificial neural networks and use radar signals to detect oil slicks on
   top of the seawater and estimate their thicknesses using drones in calm
   ocean conditions.  Despite their extremely small size (7-37 Bytes), their
   accuracy in detection and parameter estimation exceeds 94%. Moreover, the
   proposed models are characterized by low-power (32-173 mW) and low-latency
   (0.35-0.59 μs) performance when implemented on the FPGA computing platform.
   © 2024 IEEE.
DE drones; oil detection; on-board processing; radar; thickness estimation;
   tinyml

---

UT 720
AR Mazumder AN, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3623380
TI Reg-Tune: A Regression-Focused Fine-Tuning Approach for Profiling Low Energy
   Consumption and Latency
AU Mazumder AN; Safavi F; Rahnemoonfar M; Mohsenin T
TC 2
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Fine-tuning deep neural networks is pivotal for creating inference modules
   that can be suitably imported to edge or field-programmable gate array
   (FPGA) platforms.  Traditionally, exploration of different parameters
   throughout the layers of deep neural networks has been done using grid
   search and other brute force techniques.  Although these methods lead to the
   optimal choice of network parameters, the search process can be very time
   consuming and may not consider deployment constraints across different
   target platforms.  This work addresses this problem by proposing Reg-Tune, a
   regression-based profiling approach to quickly determine the trend of
   different metrics in relation to hardware deployment of neural networks on
   tinyML platforms like FPGAs and edge devices.  We start by training a
   handful of configurations belonging to different combinations of
   NN〈q(quantization), s(scalinд)〉 or NN〈r(resolution), s〉 workloads to
   generate the accuracy values respectively for their corresponding
   application.  Next, we deploy these configurations on the target device to
   generate energy/latency values.  According to our hypothesis, the most
   energy-efficient configuration suitable for deployment on the target device
   is a function of the variables q, r, and s.  Finally, these trained and
   deployed configurations and their related results are used as data points
   for polynomial regression with the variables q, r, and s to realize the
   trend for accuracy/energy/latency on the target device.  Our setup allows us
   to choose the near-optimal energy-consuming or latency-driven configuration
   for the desired accuracy from the contour profiles of energy/latency across
   different tinyML device platforms.  To this extent, we demonstrate the
   profiling process for three different case studies and across two platforms
   for energy and latency fine-tuning.  Our approach results in at least 5.7×
   better energy efficiency when compared to recent implementations for human
   activity recognition on FPGA and 74.6% reduction in latency for semantic
   segmentation of aerial imagery on edge devices compared to baseline
   deployments.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE deep neural networks; hardware accelerators; human activity recognition;
   image segmentation; neural architecture search; regression; tinyml
ID antennas; energy efficiency; energy utilization; field programmable gate
   arrays ( fpga ); multilayer neural networks; pattern recognition; semantic
   segmentation; semantics; energy; fine tuning; hardware accelerators; human
   activity recognition; images segmentations; low energy-consumption; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; regression; tinyml; deep neural
   networks

---

UT 743
AR Mellit A, 2024, ICAEE - INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG, DOI
   10.1109/ICAEE61760.2024.10783166
TI Predictive Method for Cleaning Photovoltaic Plants in Desert Areas Using
   TinyML and IoT Technique
AU Mellit A; Chourouk M; Zennaro M/1
TC 2
SO ICAEE - INT CONF ADV ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB In this work, a predictive method for planning the cleaning of photovoltaic
   (PV) plants is proposed, especially for desert areas where dust and sand are
   frequently observed.  A dataset of visual images of PV modules was collected
   and used.  It consisted of three classes (clean, dust accumulation, and sand
   deposit on PV modules). The Edge impulse platform has been used to develop
   the classifier, and based on the predicted class, we can determine the
   cleaning period (daily, weekly, or monthly) and type of cleaning process.
   Subsequently, the model was quantized and implemented into a low-cost
   microcontroller (Nano BLE Sense). To assist the user in making a decision
   regarding the cleaning plan, the obtained classification results were posted
   on a platform (Arduino IoT cloud) using a low-cost WiFi module (ESP8266).
   Co-simulation and experimental tests demonstrated the feasibility of the
   proposed method, and the outdoor test was held in the Sahara region of
   Algeria.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE classification; cleaning; dust removing; photovoltaic; tinyml
ID desert area; dust accumulation; dust removing; low-costs; photovoltaic
   modules; photovoltaic plant; photovoltaics; predictive methods; tinyml;
   visual image; cleaner production

---

UT 757
AR Suárez-Gómez AD, 2024, CEUR WORK PROC, V3795, P14
TI Integrated Thermal Monitoring System for Solar PV Panels: An Approach Based
   on TinyML and Edge Computing
AU Suárez-Gómez AD; Quintero JOB
TC 2
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2024
AB This paper presents an integrated system for thermal monitoring and anomaly
   detection of solar pv panels using TinyML and Edge Computing.  The proposed
   system employs a low-resolution thermal sensor (MLX90640) in conjunction
   with embedded machine-learning techniques to perform early anomaly detection
   and preventive maintenance.  This research seeks to address current
   challenges in the efficient management of photovoltaic installations by
   proposing a holistic solution that promises to significantly improve the
   performance and longevity of solar systems.  The proposed approach aims to
   the processing of thermal data locally, reducing latency and improving
   energy efficiency.  Four TinyML models were developed and compared using
   Edge Impulse, with the most successful model achieving 87.70% accuracy in
   anomaly detection.  The study highlights the potential of this technology to
   improve the efficiency, reliability, and cost-effectiveness of PV
   installations, while also recognizing limitations and challenges in large-
   scale implementation.  It highlights key areas for future studies, such as
   the integration of data from multiple sensors and the development of more
   advanced algorithms, highlighting the potential of this technology to drive
   the adoption of renewable energy and effectively combat climate change.  ©
   2024 Copyright for this paper by its authors.
DE edge ai; solar pv panels; thermal-imaging; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; edge computing; edge ai; integrated systems; solar pv
   panels; thermal anomalies; thermal monitoring; thermal monitoring systems;
   thermal-imaging; tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 759
AR Piątkowski D, 2024, SENSORS, V24, DOI 10.3390/s24010224
TI Study of the Impact of Data Compression on the Energy Consumption Required
   for Data Transmission in a Microcontroller-Based System
AU Piątkowski D; Puślecki T; Walkowiak K
TC 2
SO SENSORS
PY 2024
AB As the number of Internet of Things (IoT) devices continues to rise
   dramatically each day, the data generated and transmitted by them follow
   similar trends.  Given that a significant portion of these embedded devices
   operate on battery power, energy conservation becomes a crucial factor in
   their design.  This paper aims to investigate the impact of data compression
   on the energy consumption required for data transmission.  To achieve this
   goal, we conduct a comprehensive study using various transmission modules in
   a severely resource-limited microcontroller-based system designed for
   battery power.  Our study evaluates the performance of several compression
   algorithms, conducting a detailed analysis of computational and memory
   complexity, along with performance metrics.  The primary finding of our
   study is that by carefully selecting an algorithm for compressing different
   types of data before transmission, a significant amount of energy can be
   saved.  Moreover, our investigation demonstrates that for a battery-powered
   embedded device transmitting sensor data based on the STM32F411CE
   microcontroller, the recommended transmission module is the nRF24L01+ board,
   as it requires the least amount of energy to transmit one byte of data.
   This module is most effective when combined with the LZ78 algorithm for
   optimal energy and time efficiency.  In the case of image data, our findings
   indicate that the use of the JPEG algorithm for compression yields the best
   results.  Overall, our research underscores the importance of selecting
   appropriate compression algorithms tailored to specific data types,
   contributing to enhanced energy efficiency in IoT devices.  © 2023 by the
   authors.
DE data compression; data-transmission; embedded systems; huffman; internet of
   things; jpeg; lz77; lz78; lzw; tinyml
ID controllers; data communication systems; data compression; data transfer;
   electric batteries; embedded systems; energy efficiency; energy utilization;
   microcontrollers; data-transmission; embedded-system; energy-consumption;
   huffman; jpeg; lz77; lz78; lzw; microcontroller-based systems; tinyml;
   algorithm; article; compression; controlled study; data compression;
   diagnosis; energy conservation; energy-consumption; human; internet of
   things; sensor; internet of things

---

UT 763
AR Ru H, 2024, CONTROL INSTRUM SYST CONF GUID TOMORROW EMERG TRENDS CONTROL
   INSTRUM SYST ENG CISCON, DOI 10.1109/CISCON62171.2024.10696520
TI A Wood Anomaly Detection System Based on Electrical Resistivity Tomography
   and Tiny Machine Learning
AU Ru H; Chen J/3; Sun Z; Tai S; Zhao W; Kumar R/1
TC 2
SO CONTROL INSTRUM SYST CONF GUID TOMORROW EMERG TRENDS CONTROL INSTRUM SYST
   ENG CISCON
PY 2024
AB This paper aims to investigate the detection of internal voids or decay
   anomalies in wood using Electrical Resistivity Tomography (ERT) and Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML). It proposes an anomaly detection method suitable
   for large-scale target detection, aiming to achieve multi-tree detection and
   automated detection of targets.  The ERT tree detection model is simulated
   using COMSOL and MATLAB software.  Based on the obtained boundary voltage
   data, a machine learning model is generated using NanoEdge AI Studio to
   simulate the detection of internal anomalies in trees.  Finally, control
   circuits and control programs are designed, and the machine learning model
   is deployed on STM32G4 series microcontrollers.  In the simulation detection
   using NanoEdge AI, 15 sets of anomalies are detected out of 16 sets of data
   for the multi-cavity model.  The tree anomaly detection method based on
   Electrical Resistivity Tomography and Tiny Machine Learning can effectively
   detect anomalies in trees.  TinyML conserves embedded system resources
   during multi-target detection, enabling low power consumption and real-time
   processing.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; electric resistivity tomography; embedded systems; tiny
   machine learning; wood nondestructive testing
ID adversarial machine learning; image coding; image segmentation; multiuser
   detection; anomaly detection; anomaly detection methods; electric
   resistivity tomography; electrical resistivity tomography; embedded-system;
   machine learning; nondestructive; tiny machine learning; tree detections;
   wood nondestructive testing; matlab

---

UT 786
AR Yousef Shalby HH, 2024, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN60899.2024.10651090
TI StreamTinyNet: Video streaming analysis with spatial-temporal TinyML
AU Yousef Shalby HH; Pavan M; Roveri M
TC 2
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a branch of Machine Learning (ML) that
   constitutes a bridge between the ML world and the embedded system ecosystem
   (i.e., Internet-of-Things devices, embedded devices, and edge computing
   units), enabling the execution of ML algorithms on devices constrained in
   terms of memory, computational capabilities, and power consumption.  Video
   Streaming Analysis (VSA), one of the most interesting tasks of TinyML,
   consists in scanning a sequence of frames in a streaming manner, with the
   goal of identifying interesting patterns.  Given the strict constraints of
   these tiny devices, all the current solutions rely on performing a frame-by-
   frame analysis, hence not exploiting the temporal component in the stream of
   data.  In this paper, we present StreamTinyNet, the first TinyML
   architecture to perform multiple-frame VSA, enabling a variety of use cases
   that requires spatial-temporal analysis that were previously impossible to
   be carried out at a TinyML level.  Experimental results on public-available
   datasets show the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed solution.
   Finally, StreamTinyNet has been ported and tested on the Arduino Nicla
   Vision, showing the feasibility of what proposed.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE resource-constrained devices; tiny machine learning; video classification;
   video streaming analysis
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; digital storage; edge
   computing; embedded device; embedded-system; machine learning; resource-
   constrained devices; spatial temporals; tiny machine learning; video
   classification; video streaming analyze; video streaming; video streaming

---

UT 805
AR Sowmiya V, 2024, WIREL NETWORKS, V30, P7153, DOI 10.1007/s11276-023-03537-9
TI Tiny ML-based reconfigurable IoT platform design for brackish water
   aquaculture monitoring
AU Sowmiya V; Kanagachidambaresan GR; Muralidhar M
TC 2
SO WIREL NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB An important sector of India's fishing industry is prawn farming.  Gross
   prawn exports came to 5,90,275 MT (metric tonnes) and were worth $4,426.19
   million.  White-leg prawn exports decreased from 5,12,204 MT to 4,92,271 MT
   in 2020–21. To show the problem with the traditional approach of monitoring
   brackish water prawn aquaculture, a study was conducted.  After further
   investigation, it became clear that the farmers were up all night trying to
   maintain the perfect water quality needed to produce healthy shrimp.  This
   is because shrimp ponds have a tolerance level for a variety of
   environmental factors, including temperature, pH (potential of hydrogen),
   and humidity.  As a result, the farmers must continuously check on the
   pond's status throughout the night.  An Intelligence forecasting approach
   would address the complexity of farmer's crop monitoring issues.  A hybrid
   intelligence mechanism for forecasting efficiently and handling a large
   amount of streaming data is achieved through Auto regressive long short-term
   memory integrated moving averages (ARLSTMIMA). The intelligent algorithm is
   embedded into Tiny ML an IoT device developed for getting real-time data.
   As a result of this procedure, the pond's water quality and environmental
   conditions are checked to guarantee a healthy prawn crop.  To get real-time
   environmental data and weather behavior of brackish water shrimp aquaculture
   as well as Real-time data collection over some time from various shrimp
   farming locations, the goal of this work is to construct a small ML-based
   resilient and wireless sensor network.  For additional ML training, the
   appropriate sensor data are gathered and input into Google Sheets.  Tiny ML
   thereby forecasts the sensor data before it is displayed.  With this method,
   aquaculture producers can save time and money by receiving information at
   the right times from pre-established designs and achieving an efficiency of
   95.16 in the prediction in comparison with the existing forecasting
   mechanisms such as Random Forest regressor, ARIMA, and LSTM by outperforming
   with the highest accuracy in forecasting values.  In achieving higher
   accuracy, an optimal architectural design is achieved by inducting the
   ARLSTMIMA which has a decreased time complexity in comparison with other
   architectures in forecasting with time complexity of the order O(n2) with
   the least time for forecasting is achieved.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer
   Nature 2023.
DE arima; arlstmima; iot; lstm; machine learning; time series forecasting
ID aquaculture; complex networks; crops; farms; forestry; internet of things;
   lakes; long short-term memory; network architecture; water quality; wireless
   sensor networks; arima; auto-regressive long short-term memory integrated
   moving average; auto-regressive; brackish water; iot; lstm; machine
   learning; moving averages; sensors data; time series forecasting;
   forecasting

---

UT 809
AR Kumar S/2, 2024, AIP CONF PROC, V3072, DOI 10.1063/5.0198896
TI Implementation of sign language recognition with TinyML using smart gloves
AU Kumar S/2; Poongodan R; Hiremath RB; Ramadurgam VS; Shaw DK
TC 2
SO AIP CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB Our daily life starts with one or the other form of Communication.  It plays
   a very important role our day to day life.  Hearing and speech-impaired
   people find it difficult to communicate due to the communication barrier.
   The need for a translator every time while conversing with a person makes
   their communication speed slower.  In addition, with the current
   availability of over 300 sign languages, it is highly impossible for two
   people to know the same sign language for communication.  Smart gloves with
   TinyML implementation can provide better means of sign language recognition
   and help a hearing or speech-impaired person to communicate without any
   inhibitions by giving accurate results.  This paper explores the
   implementation of smart gloves for recognition of the most popular sign
   language, American Sign Language (ASL) using TinyML on Arduino Uno along
   with flex sensors.  © 2024 Author(s).
DE arduino uno; machine learning; sign language recognition; tinyml

---

UT 812
AR Ciapponi S, 2024, IEEE INT SYMP INTERNET SOUNDS IS2, DOI
   10.1109/IS262782.2024.10704173
TI TinyVocos: Neural Vocoders on MCUs
AU Ciapponi S; Paissan F; Ancilotto A; Farella E
TC 2
SO IEEE INT SYMP INTERNET SOUNDS IS2
PY 2024
AB Neural Vocoders convert time-frequency representations, such as mel-
   spectrograms, into corresponding time representations.  Vocoders are
   essential for generative applications in audio (e.g.Text-To-speech and text-
   To-Audio). This paper presents a scalable vocoder architecture for small-
   footprint edge devices, inspired by Vocos and adapted with XiNets and
   PhiNets.  We test the developed model capabilities qualitatively and
   quantitatively on single-speaker and multi-speaker datasets and benchmark
   inference speed and memory consumption on four microcontrollers.
   Additionally, we study the power consumption on an ARM Cortex-M7-powered
   board.  Our results demonstrate the feasibility of deploying neural vocoders
   on resource-constrained edge devices, potentially enabling new applications
   in Internet of Sounds (IoS) and Embedded Audio scenarios.  Our best-
   performing model achieves a MOS score of 3.95/5 while utilizing 1.5MiB of
   FLASH and 517KiB of RAM and consuming 252 mW for a 1s audio clip inference.
   © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded ai; microcontrollers; neural vocoders; tinyml
ID audio signal processing; benchmarking; signal encoding; system-on-chip;
   developed model; embedded ai; memory consumption; neural vocoder; power;
   small footprints; spectrograms; text to speech; time-frequency
   representations; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 842
AR Chauhan P, 2024, IEEE INT CONF E-HEALTH NETW APPL SERV HEAL, DOI
   10.1109/HEALTHCOM60970.2024.10880793
TI Detection of Coronary Artery Disease Using PCG Signals for Wearable Devices:
   LSTM-Based Approach
AU Chauhan P; Paul K
TC 2
SO IEEE INT CONF E-HEALTH NETW APPL SERV HEAL
PY 2024
AB It is acknowledged that coronary artery disease (CAD) is the most common
   type of heart disease.  Continuous monitoring to identify the onset of CAD,
   even before symptoms are identified, can be helpful.  This work attempts to
   efficiently identify CAD with high accuracy using wearable devices that
   enable continuous cardiovascular system monitoring.  The proposed method
   utilizes single-channel PCG recordings for binary classification using Long
   Short-Term Memory.  For this purpose, we have utilized the open-source
   dataset from the Physionet/Computing in Cardiology 2016 Challenge.  We then
   provided a comparison of achieved results with state-of-the-art.  The method
   that is being presented stands out because it does not require feature
   extraction or denoising, which are typically necessary for other similar
   works.  We implemented five-fold cross-validation and achieved an average
   accuracy of 98.36±1.6%. F1-score, precision, specificity, and sensitivity
   are 97.38±2.32%, 94±3.97%, 96.3±2.32%, and 95.56±3%, respectively.  For
   computational complexity measurement, we have used floating point
   operations, i.e., FLOPs (965784) and trainable parameters (1885).
   Additionally, we have developed an inference mechanism in a C++ program
   utilizing the weights and biases taken from the Keras model.  The inference
   delay was calculated to be 9.664 seconds in a simulated Arm7 environment
   with Gem5. © 2024 IEEE.
DE binary classification; coronary artery disease ( cad ); dnn; lstm;
   phonocardiogram ( pcg ); tinyml; wearable
ID cardiology; digital arithmetic; diseases; heart; image analysis;
   phonocardiography; wearable technology; binary classification; coronary
   artery disease; dnn; lstm; phonocardiogram; phonocardiograms; tinyml;
   wearable; wearable devices; c++ ( programming language )

---

UT 852
AR De Nardi AM, 2024, IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL, V683 AICT, P18, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-45878-1_2
TI Evaluation of the Energy Viability of Smart IoT Sensors Using TinyML
   for Computer Vision Applications: A Case Study
AU De Nardi AM; Monteiro ME
TC 2
SO IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB TinyML technology, situated at the intersection of Machine Learning,
   Embedded Systems, and the Internet of Things (IoT), presents a promising
   solution for a wide range of IoT domains.  However, achieving successful
   deployment of this technology on embedded devices necessitates optimizing
   energy efficiency.  To validate the feasibility of TinyML on embedded
   devices, extensive field research and real-world experiments were conducted.
   Specifically, a TinyML computer vision model for people detection was
   implemented on an embedded system installed in a turnstile at a Federal
   Institute.  The device accurately counts people, monitors battery levels,
   and transmits real-time data to the cloud.  Encouraging results were
   obtained from the prototype, and experiments were performed using a lithium
   battery configuration with three batteries in series.  Hourly voltage
   consumption analysis was conducted, and the findings were illustrated
   through graphical representations.  The camera sensor prototype exhibited a
   consumption rate of 1.25 V per hour, whereas the prototype without the
   camera sensor displayed a more sustainable consumption rate of 0.93 V per
   hour.  This field research contributes to advancing TinyML applications and
   enriching studies regarding its integration with IoT and computer vision.  ©
   2024, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing.
DE computer vision; embedded systems; iot; tinyml
ID cameras; embedded systems; energy efficiency; internet of things; lithium
   batteries; camera sensor; case-studies; computer vision applications;
   consumption rates; embedded device; embedded-system; energy; field research;
   iot; tinyml; computer vision

---

UT 867
AR Rimoli GP, 2024, PROC INT DEF HOMEL SECUR SIMUL WORK DHSS, V2024-September,
   DOI 10.46354/i3m.2024.dhss.002
TI Synthetic threat Dataset Generation by UAV fleet Simulation
AU Rimoli GP; Palmieri F; Ficco M
TC 2
SO PROC INT DEF HOMEL SECUR SIMUL WORK DHSS
PY 2024
AB In the coming years, institutions, such as law enforcement, rescue agencies,
   and companies, will increasingly use drone fleets to support inspection,
   logistics, and surveillance applications, in scenarios that may also be
   highly sensitive for managed data, performed tasks, or the contexts in which
   they operate.  Security-by-design and machine learning-based models may
   represent the main paradigms for the design of systems resistant to cyber
   attacks.  However, the lack of open datasets and simulation frameworks may
   represent the main challenge in this direction.  Therefore, this paper aims
   to propose an open source software stack and a schema for creating synthetic
   standard missions, attacks, and component failures, for the generation of
   scenarios and data useful for addressing security threats against drone
   fleets.  The produced data set may be used to implement machine learning-
   based security intrusion detectors on a centralized ground station, as well
   as on-board agents that may be deployed on a drone to detect anomalous
   behaviors of compromised drones of the fleet in real time.  © 2024 The
   Authors.
DE cyber security; drone fleet simulation; machine learning; tinyml; uav threat
   data generation; uav threat dataset
ID adversarial machine learning; cyber-attacks; fleet operations; intrusion
   detection; network security; open source software; target drones; cyber
   security; data generation; design learning; drone fleet simulation;
   learning-based models; machine learning; surveillance applications; tinyml;
   uav threat data generation; uav threat dataset; drones

---

UT 872
AR Dogaru R, 2024, PROC INT CONF ELECTRON COMPUT ARTIF INTELL ECAI, DOI
   10.1109/ECAI61503.2024.10607405
TI VRES-CNN: A Tiny Convolutional Image Classifier with Versatile Choice of
   Hyperparameters
AU Dogaru R; Dogaru I
TC 2
SO PROC INT CONF ELECTRON COMPUT ARTIF INTELL ECAI
PY 2024
AB A novel lightweight convolutional neural network architecture is proposed,
   denotes as VRES-CNN. Unlike most of the actual lightweight architectures
   VRES-CNN provides a versatile set of hyper-parameters associated with
   variable number of macro-blocks.  Moreover, the macro-block definition is
   rather simple and allows very good accuracies by emulating nonlinear
   convolutions.  The use of residual connections, dropout, batch normalization
   and separable convolutions ensure very good accuracies with a relatively
   small complexity of the model.  With a proper choice of the hyper-
   parameters, it is demonstrated that models with less than 100 kilo
   parameters and near state-of-the-art accuracy can be identified for a wide
   range of datasets (with low or high input image resolutions). In terms of
   accuracy performance, it is shown that VRES-CNN performs in the state-of-
   the-art range and much better than a recently proposed lightweight
   architecture (EtinyNet) for the same or smaller model size.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; hyper-parameter search; image processing;
   lightweight architecture; tinyml
ID computer vision; convolutional neural networks; image classification; image
   resolution; network architecture; convolutional neural network; hyper-
   parameter; hyper-parameter search; image classifiers; images processing;
   lightweight architecture; macro block; neural network architecture; state of
   the art; tinyml; convolution

---

UT 883
AR Theocharides T, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V23, DOI 10.1145/3658375
TI Introduction to the Special Issue on tinyML
AU Theocharides T; Frenkel C; Cavigelli L
TC 2
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 884
AR Yadav P/1, 2024, PROC - IEEE WORK MACH LEARN EDGE SENS SYST SENSYS-ML, P1,
   DOI 10.1109/SenSys-ML62579.2024.00005
TI Machine Learning on Edge in Sensor Systems (SenSys-ML 2024)
AU Yadav P/1; Ngai ECH; Gupta M; Shresthamali S; Ranjan A
TC 2
SO PROC - IEEE WORK MACH LEARN EDGE SENS SYST SENSYS-ML
PY 2024
AB The explosion of sensors in smartphones and the Internet of Things (IoT) is
   generating a massive amount of data.  This has the potential to
   revolutionise fields like healthcare, environmental management, and city
   planning.  However, to unlock this potential, we need machine learning (ML)
   to transform raw sensor data into actionable insights.  Machine learning
   offers a powerful way to turn sensor data into something we can understand
   and use.  However, several challenges stand in the way of bringing these
   ideas to life: (1) Limited Resources: Devices often have limited computing
   power, memory, and battery life.  (2) Complex Systems: Building ML models
   for sensor systems can be intricate.  (3) Real-World Testing: Designing
   effective studies and collecting reliable data (ground truth) can be
   difficult.  Sensys-ML 2024 workshop tackles these challenges by providing
   early feedback on research involving machine learning for sensor systems
   (TinyML). This workshop focuses on approaches that combine sensor data with
   ML, especially those that run on devices themselves or leverage edge/fog
   computing.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE machine learning; sensor systems; tinyml; ultraml
ID computing power; environmental management; internet of things; battery life;
   computing power; machine learning; power batteries; raw sensor; sensor
   systems; sensors data; smart phones; tinyml; ultraml; machine learning

---

UT 888
AR Ponnada S, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P168328, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3496791
TI Expanding Applications of TinyML in Versatile Assistive Devices: From
   Navigation Assistance to Health Monitoring System Using Optimized NASNet-
   XGBoost Transfer Learning
AU Ponnada S; Tak TK; Kshirsagar PR; Rao PS; Dayal A
TC 2
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The healthcare sector receives a considerable amount of unprocessed data
   from wearable and portable devices.  However, traditional cloud-based models
   used to handle this type of data can pose risks such as exposing sensitive
   patient data to a network environment and increasing latency due to data
   storage and time consumption.  In response to these issues, an alternative
   strategy named TinyML was put forth by the scientific community to foster
   safe and autonomous models capable of gathering and processing data without
   the need for network exposure.  To address these concerns more effectively,
   we put forward a versatile TinyML model specifically tailored for health
   monitoring systems.  This model uses enhanced NASNet-XGBoost-based transfer
   learning methodology to adapt to various types of diseases using appropriate
   healthcare data.  The process begins by pre-processing raw health signals
   collected from patients using a combination of a wavelet soft threshold
   method and empirical wavelet transform-spectrum adaptive segmentation (EWT-
   SAS). A Tyrannosaurus-based NASNet model is then used to extract meaningful
   features from these pre-processed signals.  Once the features have been
   extracted, they are entered into an XGBoost model which can accurately
   predict various types of diseases based on the given data.  This particular
   approach achieved an impressive 95.4% average accuracy, 93.6% positive
   predictive value, 94.7% hit rate, and 96.3% selectivity.  When compared to
   traditional models, this TinyML model shows a significant improvement in
   performance metrics, demonstrating increased effectiveness and accuracy in
   predicting various diseases.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE ewt-sas; nasnet-xgboost; tinyml; tyrannosaurus optimization; various disease
   prediction; wavelet soft threshold de-noising
ID electronic health record; wavelet transforms; adaptive segmentation;
   empirical wavelet transform-spectrum adaptive segmentation; nasnet-xgboost;
   optimizations; soft threshold; spectras; threshold de-noising; tinyml;
   tyrannosauru optimization; various disease prediction; wavelet soft
   threshold de-noising; wavelets transform; diseases

---

UT 894
AR Gautam V, 2024, PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES, P1, DOI
   10.1109/iSES63344.2024.00012
TI VATML: Towards On Device Ventricular Arrhythmia Detection Using TinyML
AU Gautam V; Sinha S; Prasad S
TC 2
SO PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES
PY 2024
AB Cardiac arrhythmias pose a significant health risk, underscoring the
   critical need for precise detection.  This paper introduces 'VATML:
   Ventricular Arrhythmia Detection using TinyML' demonstrating TinyML's
   potential to enable detection within implantable cardioverter defibrillators
   (ICDs), a common medical device.  TinyML i.e.  deploying machine learning on
   resource-constrained edge devices, holds promise for healthcare
   transformation.  VATML features a lightweight 1D Convolutional Neural
   Network (CNN), tailored for life-threatening Ventricular Arrhythmias (VAs),
   with a minimal 17.33 KiB memory footprint and low Multiply-Accumulate (MAC)
   complexity of 11.51K, meeting ICD operational demands.  Experimental results
   showcase VATML's notable performance, achieving a high F1 score of 98.33 %
   and a generalization score of 93.75 % on the STM32F303K8 board with an ARM
   Cortex-M4 processor compared to competing methods.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cardiac arrhythmia; deep learning; icd; intracardiac electrograms; tinyml
ID defibrillators; electrocardiograms; implantable cardioverter-defibrillators;
   arrhythmia detection; cardiac arrhythmia; deep learning; implantable
   cardioverter-defibrillators; implantable cardioverters-defibrillators;
   intracardiac electrograms; machine learning; medical devices; tinyml;
   ventricular arrhythmias; diseases

---

UT 913
AR Dong Y, 2024, DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL, DOI
   10.1109/VLSITechnologyandCir46783.2024.10631336
TI A Heterogeneous TinyML SoC with Energy-Event-Performance-Aware Management
   and Compute-in-Memory Two-Stage Event-Driven Wakeup
AU Dong Y; Liu X; Bai K; Li G/2; Wu M; Jing Y; Zhang Y/9; Zhan P; Zhang Y/12;
   Ma Y/1; Huang R; Ye L; Jia T
TC 2
SO DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB This paper presents a heterogeneous TinyML SoC with E2p- aware system-level
   energy management achieving a minimum 3.5μW and 30000× peak-to-idle power
   ratio.  The energy-event-performance (E2P)-aware management utilizes various
   fully synthesizable monitors to be aware of the runtime status of
   heterogeneous blocks and hierarchical voltage regulation for MEP search at
   system level, which gains >28% energy saving compared to single block MEP. A
   2-stage CIM-based event-driven wakeup scheme is also developed to reduce the
   always-on energy by over 87%. The presented TinyML SoC is suitable for edge
   AI applications with state-of-the-art low-power features.  Keywords: TinyML,
   Power management, MEP, Event-driven.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID low power electronics; ai applications; energy; energy  savings; energy-
   savings; event-driven; performance; power ratio; runtimes; state of the art;
   system levels; power management

---

UT 927
AR Siddique T, 2024, INT CONF COMPUT NETW COMMUN ICNC, P579, DOI
   10.1109/ICNC59896.2024.10556237
TI A Surrogate Tiny Machine Learning Model of Variational Autoencoder For Real-
   Time Baseline Correction of Magnetometer Data
AU Siddique T; Mahmud MDS
TC 2
SO INT CONF COMPUT NETW COMMUN ICNC
PY 2024
AB Magnetometers play a vital role in geophysics and space weather prediction
   applications by collecting terrestrial magnetic field data.  They monitor
   solar-induced geomagnetic disturbances, providing essential insights into
   predicting space weather effects on technologies such as satellites, power
   grids, and communication networks.  However, this data often contains
   inherent background noise, necessitating accurate baseline correction
   methods.  Traditional correction techniques are robust but computationally
   demanding and unsuitable for real-time applications.  Recent progress has
   investigated the utilization of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to process
   magnetometer data in real time, especially when resources are limited.
   However, these edge-based ML solutions often lack the robustness of more
   computationally intensive probabilistic models, such as Variational
   Autoencoders (VAEs). This paper introduces a TinyML-VAE surrogate model
   designed for real-time magnetometer baseline correction.  The surrogate
   model approximates an implemented VAE's performance while operating within
   the constrained resources of an edge device.  The new model retains the
   VAE's uncertainty quantification capabilities by leveraging surrogate
   modeling techniques, ensuring robustness.  Experimental out- comes have been
   displayed, illustrating a comparison between the performance of the TinyML-
   VAE and the benchmark established by the standard VAE.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE data de-noising; edge machine learning; geomagnetic data; tinyml;
   variational autoencoder
ID benchmarking; communication satellites; geomagnetism; magnetometers;
   uncertainty analysis; weather forecasting; auto encoders; baseline
   correction; data de-noising; edge machine learning; geomagnetic data;
   machine learning; real- time; tiny machine learning; variational
   autoencoder; machine learning

---

UT 940
AR Giordano M/1, 2024, INT CONF ARCH SUPPORT PROGR LANG OPER SYST ASPLOS, V3,
   P1033, DOI 10.1145/3620666.3651328
TI TinyForge: A Design Space Exploration to Advance Energy and Silicon Area
   Trade-offs in tinyML Compute Architectures with Custom Latch Arrays
AU Giordano M/1; Doshi R; Lu Q; Murmann B
TC 2
SO INT CONF ARCH SUPPORT PROGR LANG OPER SYST ASPLOS
PY 2024
AB The proliferation of smart IoT devices has given rise to tinyML, which
   deploys deep neural networks on resource-constrained systems, benefitting
   from custom hardware that optimizes for low silicon area and high energy
   efficiency amidst tinyML’s characteristic small model sizes (50-500 KB) and
   low target frequencies (1-100 MHz). We introduce a novel custom latch array
   integrated with a compute memory fabric, achieving 8 μm2/B density and 11
   fJ/B read energy, surpassing synthesized implementations by 7x in density
   and 5x in read energy.  This advancement enables dataflows that do not
   require activation buffers, reducing memory overheads.  By optimizing
   systolic vs.  combinational scaling in a 2D compute array and using bit-
   serial instead of bit-parallel compute, we achieve a reduction of 4.8x in
   area and 2.3x in multiply-accumulate energy.  To study the advantages of the
   proposed architecture and its performance at the system level, we architect
   tinyForge, a design space exploration to obtain Pareto-optimal architectures
   and compare the tradeoffs with respect to traditional approaches.  tinyForge
   comprises (1) a parameterized template for memory hierarchies and compute
   fabric, (2) estimations of power, area, and latency for hardware components,
   (3) a dataflow optimizer for efficient workload scheduling, (4) a genetic
   algorithm performing multi-objective optimization to find Pareto-optimal
   architectures.  We evaluate the performance of our proposed architecture on
   all of the MLPerf Tiny Inference Benchmark workloads, and the BERT-Tiny
   transformer model, demonstrating its effectiveness in lowering the energy
   per inference while addressing the introduced area overheads.  We show the
   importance of storing all the weights on-chip, reducing the energy per
   inference by 7.5x vs.  utilizing off-chip memories.  Finally, we demonstrate
   the potential of the custom latch arrays and bit-serial digital compute
   arrays to reduce by up to 1.8x the energy per inference, 2.2x the latency
   per inference, and 3.7x the silicon area.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE area optimization; custom latch arrays; design space exploration; energy
   latency; memory hierarchy; on-device inference; tinyml
ID benchmarking; constrained optimization; dataflow analysis; deep neural
   networks; economic and social effects; energy efficiency; genetic
   algorithms; memory architecture; network architecture; pareto principle;
   silicon; area optimization; custom latch array; dataflow; design space
   exploration; energy; energy latency; memory hierarchy; on-device inference;
   silicon area; tinyml; multiobjective optimization

---

UT 972
AR Purushothaman R, 2024, PROC INT CONF SCI TECHNOL ENG MATH ROLE EMERG TECHNOL
   DIGIT TRANSFORM ICONSTEM, DOI 10.1109/ICONSTEM60960.2024.10568737
TI Tiny ML-Based Non-Invasive Approach of Cardiac Monitoring
AU Purushothaman R; Praveena NG; Sivachandar K
TC 2
SO PROC INT CONF SCI TECHNOL ENG MATH ROLE EMERG TECHNOL DIGIT TRANSFORM
   ICONSTEM
PY 2024
AB Cardiac monitoring is crucial for health assessment, and in the era of
   technology, the integration of cutting-edge technologies has opened up new
   opportunities for non-invasive and remote monitoring solutions.  The focus
   of this study is cardiac monitoring use-case involving Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML). Sensor data from Electrocardiogram(ECG) and
   Photoplethysmography(PPG) waveforms, which are collected and pre-processed
   such as signal cleaning and robust feature extraction to ensure that the
   acquired data are kept intact also we introduce a 1-D Convolutional Neural
   Network for efficient estimation of heart modalities.  We introduced
   comprehensive analysis that includes time, frequency, and nonlinear domains
   which proves to be a critical method to validate our data sets and aim to
   study the underlying HRV metrics.  This task of remote monitoring and
   deployment is handled by the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense, which uses Tiny
   Machine Learning's capabilities for real-time heart state classification.
   To summarize the applications of wearable ECG & PPG devices, specifically
   their analysis, identify their potential use case for remote applications
   using Edge AI, and outline our future research directions to realize their
   full potential to prevent and diagnose CVDs.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cvd; ecg; edge ai; hrv; ppg; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; engineering education; heart; internet of
   things; machine learning; remote control; cardiac monitoring; cutting edge
   technology; edge ai; health assessments; hrv; machine learning; non-invasive
   monitoring; remote monitoring; sensors data; tiny machine learning;
   electrocardiograms

---

UT 997
AR Zhang Z/3, 2024, IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST, V43,
   P3708, DOI 10.1109/TCAD.2024.3443710
TI MII: A Multifaceted Framework for Intermittence-Aware Inference and
   Scheduling
AU Zhang Z/3; Liu C; Kim H
TC 2
SO IEEE TRANS COMPUT AIDED DES INTEGR CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB The concurrent execution of deep neural networks (DNNs) inference tasks on
   the intermittently-powered batteryless devices (IPDs) has recently garnered
   much attention due to its potential in a broad range of smart sensing
   applications.  While the checkpointing mechanisms (CMs) provided by the
   state-of-the-art make this possible, scheduling inference tasks on IPDs is
   still a complex problem due to significant performance variations across the
   DNN layers and CM choices.  This complexity is further accentuated by
   dynamic environmental conditions and inherent resource constraints of IPDs.
   To tackle these challenges, we present MII, a framework designed for the
   intermittence-aware inference and scheduling on IPDs.  MII formulates the
   shutdown and live time functions of an IPD from profiling the data, which
   our offline intermittence-aware search scheme uses to find the optimal
   layer-wise CMs for each task.  At runtime, MII enhances the job success
   rates by dynamically making scheduling decisions to mitigate the workload
   losses from the power interruptions and adjusting these CMs in response to
   the actual energy patterns.  Our evaluation demonstrates the superiority of
   MII over the state-of-the-art.  In controlled environments, MII achieves an
   average increase of 21% and 39% in successful jobs under the stable and
   dynamic energy patterns.  In the real-world settings, MII achieves 33% and
   24% more successful jobs indoors and outdoors.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded software; energy harvesting; real-time systems; tiny machine
   learning
ID deep neural networks; embedded software; job shop scheduling; multilayer
   neural networks; scheduling algorithms; battery-less; check pointing;
   concurrent execution; energy; energy patterns; machine learning; neural
   networks; real-time system; state of the art; tiny machine learning; energy
   harvesting

---

UT 503
AR Chowdhury MR, 2024, IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/BSN63547.2024.10780699
TI Leveraging Ultra-Law-Power Wearables Using Distributed Neural Networks
AU Chowdhury MR; Ghosh A; Bari MF; Sen S/1
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN - PROC
PY 2024
AB Traditional deep learning models incur high computational overhead
   (approximately 1-30W) and are unsuitable for Ultra-Low-Power (ULP) wearable
   systems like smart glasses.  In contrast, TinyML architectures are power-
   efficient but less accurate.  We propose distributing a neural network (NN)
   between a ULP wearable node and a resource-rich hub to maintain high
   accuracy and low power consumption for applications like human-machine
   vision.  Output features from the node are transmitted to the hub via low-
   power communication, where the remaining network runs on traditional GPUs.
   We introduce a Figure of Merit (FoM) to determine the optimal NN
   distribution point and a customized multiplier unit for ULP operation.
   Achieving ULP of 284μW and 9mW for different Autoencoder (AE) networks, our
   approach is 700× lower in power consumption compared to traditional GPU
   implementation.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE autoencoder; gpu; neural network; power efficient mac; tinyml; ultra-low
   power; wearables
ID computer graphics equipment; deep learning; graphics processing unit; neural
   networks; auto encoders; distributed neural networks; learning models;
   neural networks; power; power efficient; power efficient mac; tinyml; ultra-
   low power; wearable

---

UT 507
AR Hoffman A, 2024, MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO, DOI
   10.1109/MECO62516.2024.10577909
TI MuNAS: TinyML Network Architecture Search Using Goal Attainment and
   Reinforcement Learning
AU Hoffman A; Schlichtmann U; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 1
SO MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO
PY 2024
AB Embedded Machine Learning (ML) is increasingly pivotal in contemporary data-
   driven applications, mainly when operating on tiny, resource-constrained
   devices where model size and computational efficiency are critical.  The
   traditional approach to crafting efficient Neural Networks (NNs) has
   predominantly been the purview of domain experts, entailing a substantial
   degree of specialised knowledge and iterative experimentation.
   Consequently, the automation of the neural architecture design process has
   emerged as a significant field of interest within the ML community over the
   past decade, especially for Evolutionary Computation (EC) based NAS (ENAS)
   applications.  This interest is fueled mainly by the rapidity with which
   Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models can be developed and trained.This
   paper introduces MuNAS, a novel NAS framework that integrates Evolutionary
   Algorithms (EAs) with a Goal Attainment (GA) fitness function and
   Reinforcement Learning (RL) for enhanced mutation guidance.  MuNAS is
   designed to expedite the optimisation of pre-existing models and to
   facilitate the generation of constrained yet highly optimised TinyML models
   from the ground up.  Through the introduction of a novel building block
   mechanism, which infuses domain-specific knowledge into the NN construction
   process, we demonstrate the capability of MuNAS to modify and improve upon
   popular models from the MLPerf Tiny benchmark suite as part of an
   evolutionary algorithmic process.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE evolutionary algorithm; goal-attainment; network architecture search;
   reinforcement learning; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; constrained optimization; domain knowledge;
   evolutionary algorithms; iterative methods; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; network architecture; data driven applications; embedded machines;
   goal-attainment; learning network; machine learning models; machine
   learning; network architecture search; neural networks; reinforcement
   learnings; tiny machine learning; reinforcement learning

---

UT 510
AR Lovison Franco B, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS61496.2024.10849192
TI Trade-Offs in Neural Network Compression: Quantized and Binary Models for
   Keyword Spotting
AU Lovison Franco B; Miquel J; Romdhane A; Prenat G; Anghel L; Novo D; Benoit P
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB Enabling smart and independent IoT devices often requires to run complex
   Machine Learning (ML) workloads at the edge.  Such systems usually operate
   with memories in the order of tens of kilobytes and low processing power.
   To fit within these constraints, model designers typically rely on
   lowprecision integer representation of operations down to 1-bit, i.e.,
   Binary Neural Networks (BNN). In this paper, we investigate the tradeoffs
   available to model designers between memory footprint and accuracy and the
   challenges to overcome for effective use of BNN. We show that designing BNN
   architectures is not a straightforward process.  To overcome this, we
   propose a methodology based on design guidelines and Neural Architecture
   Search (NAS) to adapt traditional model architectures into BNN variants.  As
   a case study, we apply this methodology to a ResNetbased model for a keyword
   spotting (KWS) application.  Our results demonstrate that, contrary to 8-bit
   quantization, direct binarization significantly impacts accuracy.  However,
   careful architecture redesign and hyperparameter tuning helps bringing BNNs
   performances on par with their quantized counterparts.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE binary neural networks; edge computing; exploration; quantization; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; edge computing; binary models; binary neural
   networks; edge computing; keyword spotting; network compression; neural
   networks; quantization; quantized models; tinyml; trade off; neural network
   models

---

UT 512
AR Bove F, 2024, PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC, DOI
   10.1109/CCNC51664.2024.10454775
TI Performance Evaluation of Split Computing with TinyML on IoT Devices
AU Bove F; Colli S; Bedogni L
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC
PY 2024
AB The proliferation of Internet of Things (IoT) devices has sparked a growing
   demand for lightweight and energy-efficient machine learning solutions,
   leading to the emergence of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). This paper
   presents a thorough evaluation of TinyML, encompassing its performance
   metrics, challenges, and prospects, focused on the use of Split Computing.
   Split Computing allows to offload a subset of layers of a neural network to
   a more powerful Edge server, to achieve a faster computation hence lower
   inference latency.  We evaluate our proposal on a real testbed with ESP32
   microcontrollers with different neural network structures, highlighting the
   benefits of split computing for IoT devices with varying conditions.  Our
   results indicate that split computing on IoT devices is viable and can bring
   benefits particularly in heavy load scenarios where the network conditions
   may rapidly change.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE performance evaluation; split computing; tinyml
ID energy efficiency; machine learning; multilayer neural networks; edge
   server; energy efficient machine; fast computation; growing demand; machine
   learning; neural networks; performance metrices; performances evaluation;
   split computing; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 515
AR Watt T, 2024, APPL SCI, V14, DOI 10.3390/app142411474
TI Moving Healthcare AI Support Systems for Visually Detectable Diseases to
   Constrained Devices
AU Watt T; Chrysoulas C; Barclay PJ; El Boudani B; Kalliatakis G
TC 1
SO APPL SCI
PY 2024
AB Image classification usually requires connectivity and access to the cloud,
   which is often limited in many parts of the world, including hard-to-reach
   rural areas.  Tiny machine learning (tinyML) aims to solve this problem by
   hosting artificial intelligence (AI) assistants on constrained devices,
   eliminating connectivity issues by processing data within the device itself,
   without Internet or cloud access.  This study explores the use of tinyML to
   provide healthcare support with low-spec devices in low-connectivity
   environments, focusing on the diagnosis of skin diseases and the ethical use
   of AI assistants in a healthcare setting.  To investigate this, images of
   skin lesions were used to train a model for classifying visually detectable
   diseases (VDDs). The model weights were then offloaded to a Raspberry Pi
   with a webcam attached, to be used for the classification of skin lesions
   without Internet access.  It was found that the developed prototype achieved
   a test accuracy of 78% when trained on the HAM10000 dataset, and a test
   accuracy of 85% when trained on the ISIC 2020 Challenge dataset.  © 2024 by
   the authors.
DE artificial intelligence; computer vision; computing offloading; image
   classification; machine learning; tinyml
ID computation offloading; diagnosis; diseases; computing offloading;
   constrained devices; healthcare support; images classification;
   intelligence-support systems; machine learning; skin lesion; test accuracy;
   tiny machine learning; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 516
AR Ancilotto A, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P684, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops59983.2024.10502435
TI Painting the Starry Night using XiNets
AU Ancilotto A; Farella E
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2024
AB Neural style transfer (NST) is a powerful technique that merges the content
   of one image with the artistic style of another.  However, existing NST
   models often suffer from computational inefficiency, limiting their
   practical applicability.  In this paper, we propose a lightweight NST
   approach based on XiNets, neural networks especially developed for
   microcontrollers and embedded applications.  Our XiNet-based pipeline
   achieves an extremely lightweight transfer style mechanism and high-quality
   stylized outputs, significantly reducing computational complexity.
   Furthermore, we explore various optimizations and loss functions to optimize
   network generation performance.  The combination of our novel loss factors
   and an extremely lightweight generative network enables performance
   comparable to those offered by networks of larger orders of magnitude.
   Experimental results demonstrate comparable style transfer quality to state-
   of-the-art approaches while running on embedded devices like a Raspberry Pi
   4 single-board computer and an STM32H7 microcontroller.  Our lightweight NST
   framework allows for real-time style transfer applications on resource-
   constrained devices without compromising visual fidelity.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge ai; generative networks; hardware-aware scaling; neural networks;
   neural style transfer; tinyml
ID microcontrollers; edge ai; generative network; hardware-aware scaling;
   microcontroller applications; neural style transfer; neural networks;
   performance; scalings; tinyml; transfer models; computer vision

---

UT 555
AR Yang C-H, 2024, IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN ICCE-TAIWAN, P323,
   DOI 10.1109/ICCE-Taiwan62264.2024.10674114
TI A Praying Gesture Recognition System Based on TinyML
AU Yang C-H; Lin H-Y; Chang T-K; Tsai P-C; Wang L-Y; Kuo Y-M
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN ICCE-TAIWAN
PY 2024
AB This study introduces an innovative approach utilizing electronic incense
   and incense burners to mitigate the release of health-impacting gaseous
   emissions from traditional incense burning practices.  The proposed
   methodology significantly diminishes the emission of noxious gases to a
   negligible 0%, concurrently reducing waste generation and providing an eco-
   friendly alternative.  Additionally, the elimination of open flames
   circumvents potential fire hazards and contributes to a reduction in carbon
   emissions.  In the domain of gesture recognition, this research employs
   TinyML technology to facilitate the identification process, achieving a
   commendable accuracy rate of 80% for detecting praying gestures.  The
   compact and efficient design of the device ensures its applicability across
   a diverse range of temple environments.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID edge computing; electronic health record; fire hazards; gesture recognition;
   premixed flames; eco-friendly; edge computing; gesture recognition system;
   innovative approaches; iot; machine learning; noxious gas; reducing waste;
   tinyml; waste generation

---

UT 558
AR Kühnel J, 2024, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA, DOI
   10.1109/ETFA61755.2024.10710811
TI Semi-Supervised Anomaly Detection in the TinyML Domain Through Multi-Target
   Few-Shot Domain Adaptation
AU Kühnel J; Eißmann T; Wiede C; Schwung D; Grabmaier A
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2024
AB Tiny ML, defined by its ability to integrate AI into the smallest devices,
   unlocks the potential for always-on AI solutions at the edge.  This
   capability is essential in predictive maintenance, enabling smart sensors
   within the Industrial In-ternet of Things (1IoT). In factory automation, the
   ability to detect anomalies and adapt those anomaly detection models to
   varying operating conditions is crucial for the efficiency and longevity of
   machinery.  However, the challenge of semi-supervised anomaly detection with
   domain adaptation across diverse working conditions has not been
   sufficiently addressed in TinyML. This paper presents Shared Encoder Domain
   Adaptation (SEDA) to overcome these limitations.  SEDA is a multi-target
   domain adaptation method for anomaly detection tailored to TinyML
   applications.  Our approach facilitates the transfer of knowledge from
   existing domains to new ones, ensuring reliable anomaly detection in all
   domains with minimal data under new operational conditions.  This is
   particularly relevant for IloT applications, where sensors must perform
   condition monitoring in a self-learning manner.  The effectiveness of our
   method is evaluated through an extensive parameter study on the Toy-ADMOS 2
   data set and compared to various baseline methods.  The results show an
   improvement of up to 0.212 on the Area Under the Receiver Operating
   Characteristic Curve (ROC-AUC) score.  It demonstrates that our method
   significantly enhances performance in multi-target domain adaptation.
   Importantly, it does this while remaining efficient for resource-constrained
   systems.  This method has the potential to enable self-learning sensor
   systems with adaptation strategies to different working conditions while
   requiring only a few data points from these new domains.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE ann; anomaly detection; autoencoder; domain adaptation; domain-shift; edge
   ai; embedded ai; few-shot; semi-supervised; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; self-supervised learning; semi-supervised learning; zero-
   shot learning; ann; anomaly detection; autoencoder; domain adaptation;
   domain-shift; edge ai; embedded ai; few-shot; semi-supervised; tinyml;
   predictive maintenance

---

UT 573
AR Hoffman A, 2024, IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS, DOI
   10.1109/COINS61597.2024.10622135
TI MuDSE: GA-ILP-based Framework for Automated Deployment of Multiple DNNs on
   Heterogeneous Mixed-Criticality Systems
AU Hoffman A; Fnayou A; Smirnov F; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Schlichtmann U
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS
PY 2024
AB In modern edge computing, deploying multi-deep neural network (DNN)
   applications is essential for addressing complex tasks such as visual
   classification, object tracking, and navigation.  The intricate nature of
   these Machine Learning (ML) applications, coupled with their soft and hard
   real-time performance requirements, underscores the necessity for automated
   optimisation of both scheduling and mapping configurations on
   computationally robust heterogeneous embedded systems.  This paper
   introduces a novel approach for the automated mapping and scheduling of
   multiple DNNs onto heterogeneous hardware platforms.  Our methodology
   leverages an integer linear program (ILP) scheduler formulation that
   accommodates soft and hard real-time constraints.  This is complemented by a
   mapping generation process that employs (a) an advanced ILP formulation and
   (b) a Genetic Algorithm (GA) designed to identify optimised solutions for
   large-scale mappings.  The GA is mainly utilised when the expansive design
   space renders the ILP formulation impractical in terms of computational
   solving time.  We rigorously test and evaluate our framework using scaling
   input model configurations and a real-world mixed-model scenario.  The
   results demonstrate that our hybrid optimisation solution, which integrates
   Prepositional Satisfiability Problem (SAT) decoding, the NSGA-II GA, and
   ILP, significantly enhances scalability.  This improvement is vital for
   efficiently deploying complex systems, marking a substantial advancement in
   the embedded ML field.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE dse; ilp; mapping; multi-dnn; scheduling; tinyml
ID edge computing; integer linear programming; integer programming; linear
   programming; mixed-integer linear programming; scheduling algorithms; dse;
   edge computing; hard real-time; hard-real-time; integer linear programs;
   mixed-criticality systems; multi-deep neural network; neural networks;
   program formulation; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 581
AR Zhang Y/3, 2024, IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC, DOI
   10.1109/A-SSCC60305.2024.10848882
TI A 428.4mW 6.78Mbps/3.61Mbps Up/Down Data Rate Wireless Chipset with TinyAI
   Regulation
AU Zhang Y/3; Lin Z; Zhou P/1; Zhang J; He Z/1; Zhang H/4; Li Y/10; Lian Y;
   Zhao Y
TC 1
SO IEEE ASIAN SOLID-STATE CIRCUITS CONF A-SSCC
PY 2024
AB Wireless power and data transmission (WPDT) systems that possess high power
   capability and efficiency as well as fast uplink/downlink data transmission
   (UDT/DDT) rate via single inductive link are in high demand for compact
   implants, such as cochlear, retinal prostheses and pacemaker for their
   increasingly advanced functionality and thermal safety.  Conventionally, the
   load of the implanted RX-end needs to be monitored to either intermittently
   short the excessive power at the RX input for local regulation (RX-LR) or
   report the condition to the TX-end via UDT to correct the TX power for
   global regulation (TX-GR) [1] as in Fig.  1. RX-LR is simple and fast but
   deteriorates the overall power efficiency which might cause rapid
   temperature rise while TX-GR improves the efficiency at the cost of UDT
   bandwidth.  This design leverages a trained tiny artificial neural network
   (TinyAI) to extract the RX load condition solely from VL at the TX-end to
   timely adjust the TX power without UDT occupation nor excessive power
   shorting.  In addition, a cyclic on-off-keying (COOK) with auto time
   tracking (ATT) and an adaptive encoded binary phase-shift keying (A-BPSK)
   are respectively proposed for UDT and DDT over the same inductive link at
   13.56 MHz carrier frequency.  The resulting TX/RX chipset achieves 0.56%
   target regulation error, 3.7 X higher transmitted power and 1.4X higher DDT
   speed than prior arts.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID data communication systems; data transfer rates; digital storage; eye
   protection; hvdc power transmission; inductive power transmission; mobile
   telecommunication systems; pacemakers; chip sets; data-rate; global
   regulation; high power efficiencies; inductive link; local regulations;
   power; transmission systems; wireless data-transmission; wireless power
   transmission; binary phase shift keying

---

UT 587
AR Andalib N, 2024, MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO, DOI
   10.1109/MECO62516.2024.10577837
TI Exploring Local and Cloud-Based Training Use Cases for Embedded Machine
   Learning
AU Andalib N; Selimi M
TC 1
SO MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO
PY 2024
AB TinyML is a paradigm that makes machine learning (ML) algorithms to run on
   low-power devices.  This involves training an ML model with pre-collected
   data and then storing it on a microcontroller.  In this paper, we explore
   two application use cases of ML for TinyML devices.  First, we present a
   weather station with a locally-trained snowfall prediction model using
   TensorFlow Lite for microcontrollers, leveraging on-device temperature and
   humidity sensors for localized forecasts.  Further, a cloud-trained keyword
   spotting model deployed on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE device demonstrates the
   use of ML for embedded speech recognition.  Our results highlight the need
   for optimizing parameters and techniques, opening the door to increased
   precision and efficiency in future embedded ML applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; embedded machine learning; tinyml
ID microcontrollers; speech recognition; cloud-based; edge impulse; embedded
   machine learning; embedded machines; low power devices; machine learning
   algorithms; machine learning models; machine learning; tinyml; weather
   stations; machine learning

---

UT 594
AR Viswanatha V, 2024, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1105, P49, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-7633-1_4
TI TinyML-Based Human and Animal Movement Detection in Agriculture Fields in
   India
AU Viswanatha V; Ramachandra AC; Hegde PT/1; Hegde V; Sabhahit V
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is blooming in ML field that deals with the
   performance of machine learning on extremely limited edge devices.
   Recently, a variety of data-intensive and time-sensitive Internet of Things
   (IoT) applications are using deep learning algorithms more often.  As a
   result, various fresh strategies, such as deep neural networks (DNN) model
   deployment on MCUs, have become challenging task as they lack resources like
   memory.  But recent advancement in the field of TinyML promises to open up a
   brand-new category of edge applications.  In this paper, animal detection in
   farmlands is addressed using TinyML models deployed on SparkFun Edge device
   which supports high-resolution tiny camera attached to the device board
   itself in view of protecting farmlands which are widely being developed in
   India from animal attacks since TinyML provides the path for the creation of
   unique apps and services that do not require the cloud's ubiquitous
   computing support, which consumes power and poses dangers to data security
   and privacy.  Also the models are tested on Google Colab.  The results are
   obtained and discussed in result section.  © 2024, The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE animal detection; cnn; deep learning; object detection; security in smart
   agriculture; tinyml
ID animals; deep neural networks; farms; internet of things; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; sensitive data; ubiquitous computing; animal
   detection; animal movement; deep learning; human movements; machine
   learning; movement detection; objects detection; security in smart
   agriculture; smart agricultures; tiny machine learning; object detection

---

UT 609
AR Risso M, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
TI HW-SW Optimization of DNNs for Privacy-Preserving People Counting on Low-
   Resolution Infrared Arrays
AU Risso M; Xie C; Daghero F; Burrello A; Mollaei S; Castellano M; Macii E;
   Poncino M; Jahier Pagliari D
TC 1
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2024
AB Low-resolution infrared (IR) array sensors enable people counting
   applications such as monitoring the occupancy of spaces and people flows
   while preserving privacy and minimizing energy consumption.  Deep Neural
   Networks (DNNs) have been shown to be well-suited to process these sensor
   data in an accurate and efficient manner.  Nevertheless, the space of DNNs'
   archi-tectures is huge and its manual exploration is burdensome and often
   leads to sub-optimal solutions.  To overcome this problem, in this work, we
   propose a highly automated full-stack optimization flow for DNNs that goes
   from neural architecture search, mixed-precision quantization, and post-
   processing, down to the realization of a new smart sensor prototype,
   including a Microcontroller with a customized instruction set.  Integrating
   these cross-layer optimizations, we obtain a large set of Pareto-optimal
   solutions in the 3D-space of energy, memory, and accuracy.  Deploying such
   solutions on our hardware platform, we improve the state-of-the-art
   achieving up to 4.2 x model size reduction, 23.8 x code size reduction, and
   15.38 x energy reduction at iso-accuracy.  © 2024 EDAA.
DE deep learning; mcus; neural architecture search; smart sensors; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; energy utilization; network architecture; pareto
   principle; size determination; smart sensors; deep learning; infrared
   arrays; lower resolution; mcu; neural architecture search; neural
   architectures; optimizations; people counting; privacy-preserving; tinyml;
   optimal systems

---

UT 624
AR Guan J, 2024, IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC, P522, DOI
   10.1109/AICAS59952.2024.10595922
TI Microarchitecture Aware Neural Architecture Search for TinyML Devices
AU Guan J; Liu G; Zeng F; Lai R; Ding R; Zhu Z
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB Designing accurate and efficient models for tiny machine learning (TinyML)
   devices is challenging because of its strict power consumption limitations
   and accuracy requirements.  This paper proposed a Microarchitecture Aware
   Neural Architecture Search (M-NAS) method to consider the detailed
   microarchitecture into NAS and improve the energy efficiency of TinyML
   devices.  We first build a microarchitecture aware candidate operators pool
   with the limitation of microarchitecture to balance the inference efficiency
   and accuracy.  Moreover, we generate a microarchitecture aware search space
   by integrating the microarchitecture-level power and latency into NAS with
   the help of back-end layout simulation based on the microarchitecture of
   NPU. These strategies assist our M-NAS to find the optimal model for the
   microarchitecture of the target NPU. Extensive experiments demonstrate that
   with the help of the M-NAS, the target NPU yields a considerable 67.1% Top-1
   accuracy on ImageNet and achieves a record ultra-high energy efficiency of
   3809.52 Frames/J.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE energy efficiency; microarchitecture; neural architecture search; tiny
   machine learning
ID architecture; computer architecture; machine learning; inference efficiency;
   layout simulations; machine learning; micro architectures; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; power; search method; search
   spaces; tiny machine learning; energy efficiency

---

UT 625
AR Lee S/1, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS61496.2024.10849332
TI A Bit Serial Accelerator Architecture for Efficient ML Compute in Area,
   Power and Cost Constrained Sensors
AU Lee S/1; Wojciechowski K
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB This paper describes a bit-serial MAC accelerator building block
   architecture that is optimized for low power and cost constrained systems.
   The architecture is implemented with both a mixed signal and fully digital
   approach to compare performance.  The accelerators are implemented in 40 nm
   CMOS and achieve up to 12.5 TOPS/W at 0.65 V supply voltage and 15 MHz clock
   frequency.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE bias addition; cnn accelerator; compute in-memory; digital in-memory
   computing; edge device ai; mac accelerator; mixed signal in-memory
   computing; ml accelerator; relu; relu look ahead; tinyml
ID linear accelerators; memory-management; phase locked loops; system-on-chip;
   bias addition; cnn accelerator; compute in-memory; digital in-memory
   computing; edge device ai; mac accelerator; mixed signal; mixed signal in-
   memory computing; ml accelerator; relu; relu look ahead; tinyml; memory
   architecture

---

UT 630
AR Zacharias C, 2024, RAICS - IEEE RECENT ADV INTELL COMPUT SYST, DOI
   10.1109/RAICS61201.2024.10690105
TI Fault Detection using TinyML, Design and Control of Three-Phase Two-Level
   Inverter
AU Zacharias C; Jose J; Zain M; Noushad NM; Kartha PP; Jisha Kuruvilla P
TC 1
SO RAICS - IEEE RECENT ADV INTELL COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB The depletion of natural sources of mineral oil has led to a search for
   alternative sources, particularly in the transportation industry where
   electric vehicles (EVs) are gaining traction.  However, current EV
   technology is still relatively primitive and requires significant
   improvements to ensure better and prolonged service.  Efforts are underway
   to design and develop more efficient EV models, with a key focus on the
   powertrain.  The powertrain, comprising the electric motor, power
   electronics, and transmission, is crucial for efficient energy conversion in
   EVs[1]-[2]. Through literature surveys and iterative processes, various
   parameters for Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM) based drives have
   been identified[4]. These parameters include electromagnetic speed, peak and
   RMS current, inductances (Ld, Lq), flux, inertia (J), resistance (Rs),
   damping coefficient (B), and pole pairs.  The control strategy employed is
   Field Oriented Control (FOC), which encompasses Field-Weakening Control[7]
   and Maximum Torque Per Ampere (MTPA) as the operating regions.  A three-
   phase 2-level inverter utilizing Space Vector Pulse Width Modulation
   (SVPWM)[5] for precise voltage control has been selected as the inverter of
   choice.  This design also incorporates Insulated-Gate Bipolar Transistors
   (IGBTs) as switching devices, along with TinyML for comprehensive powertrain
   operation efficiency in EVs.  The objective of this comprehensive design
   approach is to develop a three-phase two-level voltage source inverter with
   fault detection using TinyML (Edge Impulse) that optimizes the performance
   of electric vehicles to meet the growing demand for efficient transportation
   solutions.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; foc; matlab; pmsm; simulink; svpwm; tinyml
ID electric traction; electric vehicles; hvdc power transmission; magnetic
   levitation vehicles; petroleum transportation; sailing vessels; ships; solar
   power generation; speed regulators; traction motors; vector control (
   electric machinery ); current; edge impulse; faults detection; field-
   oriented control; permanent magnet synchronous motor; simulink; space vector
   pulse width modulation; three phase; three phasis; tinyml; insulated gate
   bipolar transistors ( igbt )

---

UT 640
AR Poletti G, 2024, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1110 LNEE, P117, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-48121-5_17
TI Tiny Neural Deep Clustering: An Unsupervised Approach for Continual Machine
   Learning on the Edge
AU Poletti G; Albanese A; Nardello M; Brunelli D
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB Traditional tiny machine learning systems are widely employed because of
   their limited energy consumption, fast execution, and easy deployment.
   However, such systems have limited access to labelled data and need periodic
   maintenance due to the evolution of data distribution (i.e., context drift).
   Continual machine learning algorithms can enable continuous learning on
   embedded systems by updating their parameters, addressing context drift, and
   allowing neural networks to learn new categories over time.  However, the
   availability of labelled data is scarce, limiting such algorithms in
   supervised settings.  This paper overcomes this limitation with an
   alternative approach which combines supervised deep learning with
   unsupervised clustering to enable unsupervised continual machine learning on
   the edge.  Tiny Neural Deep Clustering (TinyNDC) is deployed in an OpenMV
   Cam H7 Plus and tested with the MNIST dataset reaching a classification
   accuracy of 92.3% and a frame rate of 44 FPS. © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE continual machine learning; deep learning; on-device training; tinyml;
   unsupervised learning
ID classification ( of information ); continuous time systems; deep learning;
   embedded systems; learning algorithms; learning systems; unsupervised
   learning; clusterings; continual machine learning; deep learning; labeled
   data; limited energies; machine learning systems; machine learning; on-
   device training; tinyml; unsupervised approaches; energy utilization

---

UT 641
AR Komorniczak J, 2024, IEEE ACCESS, V12, P155632, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2024.3482111
TI Certainty-Based Neural Network Architecture Selection Framework for TinyML
   Systems
AU Komorniczak J; Puslecki T; Ksieniewicz P; Walkowiak K
TC 1
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2024
AB The development of technologies related to the TinyML concept observed in
   recent years forces us to consider the trade-off between inference time and
   recognition quality.  Moreover, employing data stream processing methods to
   analyze large volumes of data in real-time becomes necessary.  In this work,
   considering Computer Vision data streams with a time-varying difficulty, we
   present a framework that allows finding a compromise between inference time
   and recognition quality.  This trade-off can be measured using the proposed
   Time to Accuracy Loss measure.  The presented Certainty-based Architecture
   Selection framework allows the selection of the neural network architecture
   depending on the current difficulty of the data stream.  The work presents
   computer and TinyML device experiments.  The results show that the proposed
   framework can effectively select the neural network architecture depending
   on the current difficulty of the data stream and bring benefits in the
   inference time.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE classification; computer vision; data streams; tinyml; uncertainty
   quantification
ID current; architecture selection; data stream; data streams processing;
   neural network architecture; processing method; selection framework; tinyml;
   trade off; uncertainty quantifications; data streams

---

UT 643
AR Sahoo A, 2024, IEEE INT CONF APPL ELECTROMAGN SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN AESPC,
   DOI 10.1109/AESPC63931.2024.10872021
TI Smart Physiotherapy: Monitoring Distal Carpal Kinematics Using TinyML
AU Sahoo A; Sharma S/2; Pattnaik S
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF APPL ELECTROMAGN SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN AESPC
PY 2024
AB This work proposes an intelligent physiotherapeutic system for real-time
   wrist movement assessment utilizing TinyML and inertial measurement unit
   (IMU) sensors.  The hardware setup comprises two MPU-6050 IMU sensors
   connected to an ESP32 microcontroller affixed to a wristband.  During wrist
   movements, the sensors capture the accelerometer and gyroscope data.  Random
   Forest and Decision Tree machine learning models were considered for
   training using a manually curated dataset, adopting TinyML techniques to
   predict movement correctness on the device efficiently.  Timestamped
   predictions are transmitted to the central cloud server via Wi-Fi, enabling
   users to access assessments through a mobile app.  This system provides an
   objective and efficient approach to wrist movement evaluation for
   physiotherapy, ensuring reliable and unbiased assessments.  Additionally, an
   app was developed for patients' use, facilitating a user-friendly interface
   for tracking and assessing their physiotherapeutic movements.  The dataset
   was recorded considering commonly encountered cases while performing wrist
   movements in a pragmatic scenario, with the dataset recorded from an
   individual acting as a volunteering patient.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cloud node; esp32 microcontroller; imu sensors; mpu-6050; physio-
   therapeutic; random forest; tinyml
ID machine learning; cloud node; esp32 microcontroller; inertial measurement
   unit sensor; inertial measurements units; microcontroller; mpu-6050; physio-
   therapeutic; random forests; tinyml; wrist movements; decision trees

---

UT 652
AR Ruiz DJC, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P443, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00050
TI Tiny, Distributed, and Eco-Optimized: Proposal of Design Guidelines for
   Environmentally Friendly ML Devices
AU Ruiz DJC; Geczy A; Grennerat V; Xavier P
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB The researchers in the DESIRE4EU project propose the use of an eco-optimized
   PLA/Flax-based PCB manufacturing substrate that could be recycled or
   degraded after use due to the organic, biodegradable nature of the material.
   However, having a biodegradable PCB is not enough, as we need to rethink
   electronics design to better fit specific use cases, avoiding a one-size-
   fits-All philosophy.  This paper includes a set of learned lessons in the
   form of design guidelines extracted from the experience of a small-scale
   manufacturing of a set of biodegradable microcontroller boards.  These
   lessons outline contemporary technical limitations of biodegradable PCBs,
   which the authors trust will be overcome during the development of the
   mentioned EU project by 2027. This should be a first step towards reducing
   e-waste in the not-so-far future.  This positioning paper states that, in
   the current ecological crisis, the different engineering communities need to
   rethink their priorities in order to produce ecology-friendly innovations by
   keeping concepts such as just enough computing and ecooptimization in mind.
   In particular, when talking about the TinyML community, we suggest carefully
   considering the hardware's limiting factors presented by computational
   power, or radio communication when designing new Edge devices so that they
   could use 2-layers biodegradable PCBs.  In parallel to the hardware
   discussion, the authors bring up issues emerging from using bloated
   inference software production workflows, which have a very direct impact in
   the ecology due to the computation power needed for embedded machine
   learning software production.  This paper suggests the adoption of ondevice
   training to minimize the energy consumption and dependance on connected
   toolchains during programming.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE biodegradable pcb; edge computing; tinyml
ID biotic; millimeter-wave devices; biodegradable pcb; e-wastes; edge
   computing; electronic design; microcontroller boards; organics; small scale;
   software production; technical limitations; tinyml; ecodesign

---

UT 655
AR Dos Santos TH, 2024, SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT, DOI
   10.1109/SIoT63830.2024.10780553
TI On the Design of an Inference Circuit for Tiny Machine Learning
AU Dos Santos TH; Meinhardt C; Cabrera FL
TC 1
SO SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT
PY 2024
AB This work explores the development of a hardware accelerator for inference
   in tiny-scale machine learning applications, with focus on image
   classification.  Through the examination of Artificial Neural Networks
   (ANNs), the paper details the implementation of a system that incorporates
   techniques to decrease area and delays mainly in the multipliers and adders.
   The objective is to achieve an efficient solution in terms of memory amount
   and energy consumption, while maintaining the accuracy and efficiency of the
   model.  A digital circuit is designed in CMOS 65nm technology.  It occupies
   an area of 0.19 mm2 including the IO structures, a serial interface, a block
   of memory and the neuron logic.  The circuit supports the calculation of one
   neuron of 64 inputs per clock cycle and the memory contains the
   configuration of up to 32 neurons organized in one or several layers.
   Preliminary measurements confirm the correct functioning of the circuit and
   allow to visualize the next steps towards the application of tiny neural
   networks.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE digital neuron; inference circuit; tiny machine learning
ID cmos integrated circuits; federated learning; 65nm technology; digital
   neurons; energy-consumption; hardware accelerators; images classification;
   inference circuit; machine learning applications; machine learning; neural
   networks; tiny machine learning; multilayer neural networks

---

UT 656
AR Witkowski SM, 2024, IEEE INT RELIAB PHYS SYMP PROC, DOI
   10.1109/IRPS48228.2024.10529335
TI Soft Error Induced System Errors in Image Inference Applications with Glow-
   Compiled CNNs on MCUs
AU Witkowski SM; Anderson G; Abramowitz P
TC 1
SO IEEE INT RELIAB PHYS SYMP PROC
PY 2024
AB Image recognition, using Glow™ compiled and quantized convolutional neural
   networks, was performed on members of the MNIST and FashionMNIST datasets on
   two different microcontroller cores while exposing them to a neutron beam at
   the Los Alamos Neutron Science Center.  Four types of application-level
   effects were observed, with some or all effects in each category resulting
   in application hangs or misclassifications of the test images.  Three
   effects manifest continuously until the core is reset, and the implications
   of these continuous application-level effects within the ASIL-D context are
   immense.  The data also suggests that image complexity has a positive
   association with the number of application-level errors expected.  Baseline
   memory tests were also performed on the two different cores as a validation
   of our methodology.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE application reliability; glowtm; image inference; single event effects;
   tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; errors; microcontrollers; radiation
   hardening; application level; application reliabilities; convolutional
   neural network; glowtm; image inference; microcontroller core; single event
   effects; soft error; system errors; tinyml; image recognition

---

UT 660
AR Diab MS, 2024, IFMBE PROC, V109, P485, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-62502-2_56
TI Assessing the Feasibility of Cough Detection Using Statistical Features
   Extracted from Accelerometry Data
AU Diab MS; Rodriguez-Villegas E
TC 1
SO IFMBE PROC
PY 2024
AB The work presented in this paper investigates the feasibility of using data
   collected from a free-field accelerometer placed on a shirt’s collar for
   cough detection.  The data collected captured body movement related to
   coughing, sneezing, laughing, talking, and resting while seated.
   Statistical features from the triaxial data were extracted and used to train
   four different neural networks.  The first two classification models
   addressed cough detection as a multi-class problem, differentiating between
   the five different activities; the first model using 21 input features,
   while the second model using 15 input features.  The other two
   classification models targeted cough detection as a binary problem,
   clustering all non-cough activities under a single class.  Similarly, the
   first binary model was trained using 21 input features, while the second
   using 15 input features.  The performance of the four models were compared
   in terms of average accuracy, cough sensitivity, specificity, and F1-score.
   The best performing model in terms of cough sensitivity (100%) and F1-score
   (0.95) was the multi-class model using 15 input features.  This model was
   finally deployed on Nordic Thingy:53 using Edge Impulse, reporting the
   estimated memory requirement, and model performance for on-board inference.
   This work provides a proof-of-concept for a TinyML cough detection system
   based on contact-free accelerometer.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE accelerometry data; cough detection; health monitoring; tinyml; wearable
   device
ID accelerometry; accelerometry data; classification models; cough detection;
   f1 scores; health monitoring; input features; statistical features; tinyml;
   wearable devices; electronic health record

---

UT 665
AR Ayankoso S, 2024, J DYN MONIT DIAGN, V3, P190, DOI 10.37965/jdmd.2024.550
TI Development of Long-Range, Low-Powered and Smart IoT Device for Detecting
   Illegal Logging in Forests
AU Ayankoso S; Wang Z/4; Shi D; Yang W; Vikiru A; Kamau S; Muchiri H; Gu F
TC 1
SO J DYN MONIT DIAGN
PY 2024
AB Forests promote the conservation of biodiversity and also play a crucial
   role in safeguarding the environment against erosion, landslides, and
   climate change.  However, illegal logging remains a significant threat
   worldwide, necessitating the development of automatic logging detection
   systems in forests.  This paper proposes the use of long-range, low-powered,
   and smart Internet of Things (IoT) nodes to enhance forest monitoring
   capabilities.  The research framework involves developing IoT devices for
   forest sound classification and transmitting each node’s status to a gateway
   at the forest base station, which further sends the obtained data through
   cellular connectivity to a cloud server.  The key issues addressed in this
   work include sensor and board selection, Machine Learning (ML) model
   development for audio classification, TinyML implementation on a
   microcontroller, choice of communication protocol, gateway selection, and
   power consumption optimization.  Unlike the existing solutions, the
   developed node prototype uses an array of two microphone sensors for
   redundancy, and an ensemble network consisting of Long Short-Term Memory
   (LSTM) and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models for improved
   classification accuracy.  The model outperforms LSTM and CNN models when
   used independently and also gave 88% accuracy after quantization.  Notably,
   this solution demonstrates cost efficiency and high potential for
   scalability.  © The Author(s) 2024.
DE forest monitoring; illegal logging; internet of things; nodes; sound
   classification; tinyml

---

UT 666
AR Maeng K, 2024, CC - PROC ACM SIGPLAN INT CONF COMPIL CONSTR, P198, DOI
   10.1145/3640537.3641564
TI Compiler-Based Memory Encryption for Machine Learning on Commodity Low-Power
   Devices
AU Maeng K; Lucia B
TC 1
SO CC - PROC ACM SIGPLAN INT CONF COMPIL CONSTR
PY 2024
AB Running machine learning (ML) on low-power IoT devices exposes unique
   security concerns.  Attackers can easily steal or manipulate sensitive user
   data or proprietary ML models from the devices’ off-chip memory by
   leveraging their simple hardware structure and the lack of memory encryption
   hardware.  To protect against these real-world threats, we propose a
   lightweight compiler-based memory encryption scheme, Spitz.  Spitz achieves
   full off-chip memory encryption only with common architectural components on
   commodity devices, such as programmable on-chip SRAM, AES hardware, and
   Direct-Memory Access (DMA). Our evaluation on real hardware shows that Spitz
   maintains competitive performance while realizing full off-chip memory
   encryption.  Spitz is only 1.16–1.73× slower than our best-effort non-secure
   baseline, and is even faster by 1.5–2.23× compared to a non-secure popular
   vendor library.  Our work is the first to show that we can run ML workloads
   with full off-chip memory encryption on commodity low-power hardware.  ©
   2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE memory encryption; ml security; tinyml
ID cryptography; memory architecture; program compilers; static random access
   storage; low power; low power devices; machine learning models; machine
   learning security; machine learning; memory encryption; off-chip memory;
   simple++; tinyml; user data; machine learning

---

UT 668
AR Putra PD, 2024, ICT-PEP - INT CONF TECHNOL POLIC ENERGY ELECTR POWER
   RESILIENT POWER SYST NAVIG CLEAN ENERGY TRANSIT PROC, P79, DOI 10.1109/ICT-
   PEP63827.2024.10733513
TI Implementation of Audio Classification Using Tiny Machine Learning for
   Predictive Maintenance in Muara Karang Power Plant
AU Putra PD
TC 1
SO ICT-PEP - INT CONF TECHNOL POLIC ENERGY ELECTR POWER RESILIENT POWER SYST
   NAVIG CLEAN ENERGY TRANSIT PROC
PY 2024
AB The Muara Karang Power Plant Block 1 in Jakarta, owned by PLN Nusantara
   Power, is encountering increasing operational complexity, necessitating an
   efficient monitoring system.  In response to PLN Nusantara Power's
   digitalization program, this research explores the implementation of Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) and Edge-AI technologies to enhance operational
   efficiency and reliability.  These technologies utilize audio sensors for
   real-time anomaly detection and predictive maintenance of power generation
   equipment.  The system is implemented at Muara Karang Power Plant Block 1 in
   H2 Plant, using the Wio Terminal hardware platform connected to an audio
   sensor.  Data is processed through the Edge-Impulse platform to train
   machine learning models at the edge, then transmitted via MQTT to Node-RED
   for further processing.  The processed data is stored in MySQL for long-term
   analysis and displayed on a Grafana dashboard.  TinyML technology is
   anticipated to improve equipment management and maintenance, boost
   operational efficiency, and mitigate downtime risks.  This research employs
   the Mel-Filterbank Energy (MFE) method and a Neural Network Classifier,
   achieving 100% accuracy and low RAM consumption (19.7 KB). Data from the Wio
   Terminal can be stored in MySQL via Node-RED, displayed in the Grafana
   Dashboard, and sent to WhatsApp for alarms and notifications.  This study
   underscores the potential of TinyML in enhancing power plant monitoring
   systems and suggests further exploration into its broader applications.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE edge ai; mel-filterbank energy; neural network classifier; predictive
   maintenance; tiny machine learning
ID anomaly detection; banking; electric power plant equipment; enterprise
   resource planning; phonographs; risk management; small power plants;
   ultrasonic devices; edge ai; energy; machine learning; mel-filterbank
   energy; monitoring system; neural networks classifiers; operational
   efficiencies; power; predictive maintenance; tiny machine learning;
   predictive maintenance

---

UT 671
AR Pau DP, 2024, IEEE INT FORUM RES TECHNOL SOC IND INNOV RTSI - PROCEEDING,
   P607, DOI 10.1109/RTSI61910.2024.10761275
TI Ultra Tiny Neural Network for Accurate Pressure Sensors Under Multiple
   Thermal Stresses
AU Pau DP; Ben Yahmed W; Bosco S; Pennino S; Licciardo GD; Vitolo P
TC 1
SO IEEE INT FORUM RES TECHNOL SOC IND INNOV RTSI - PROCEEDING
PY 2024
AB MEMS pressure sensors are widely used in various application fields such as
   industrial, consumer, medical, and automotive.  However, cost-effective
   manufacturing techniques severely affect these sensors due to temperature,
   dust, humidity, and many other stresses which ultimately lead to drift in
   their measurements.  Thermal stresses are the main cause of sensor drifts.
   Exposure to high levels of temperatures can cause output deviations in the
   sensor's response for hours (short term) and several days (long term). This
   paper studied a state of art MEMS pressure sensor under 3 simulated case
   studies representing real-world application scenarios.  The first case study
   was dedicated to the drifts caused by the soldering process during assembly
   with five reflow cycles.  The second one induced drift due to the exposure
   of the sensor to a thermal stress of 150 Celsius degrees for 1,000 hours.
   The last case represented an aging test for the sensor left at the ambient
   temperature of 25 Celsius degree.  Pressure measurements were acquired by
   several real devices and compared to the pressure measured by a golden
   reference barometer.  In each case study, data was categorized into 3 bins
   to achieve more accurate compensations.  The pressure error datasets served
   to train an ultra-tiny convolutional neural network to predict the pressure
   error for the compensation.  The network decreased the absolute pressure
   errors of the sensors by 84.13% in average after 5 soldering cycles.  The
   model was composed of 101 parameters with a total FLASH memory size of 13
   KiB, including all required application libraries.  Computational complexity
   was 146 multiply-accumulate operations.  It was deployed on a tiny off-the-
   shelf MCU (STM32U5, 160MHz) achieving an inference time of 50 μ s.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE aging test; compensation; mems pressure sensor; microcontrollers; post-
   soldering drifts; temporal neural networks; thermal stresses; tiny machine
   learning
ID bins; computer resource management; electronics packaging; error
   compensation; microchannels; microcontrollers; pressure sensors; system-on-
   chip; thermal stress; variable frequency oscillators; aging tests; case-
   studies; compensation; machine learning; mems pressure sensor; post-
   soldering drift; pressure error; temporal neural networks; thermal; tiny
   machine learning; soldering

---

UT 686
AR Silva GVBF, 2024, IFMBE PROC, V100, P633, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-49407-9_63
TI Atrial Fibrillation and Sinus Rhythm Detection Using TinyML (Embedded
   Machine Learning)
AU Silva GVBF; Lima MD; Filho JAF; Rovai MJ
TC 1
SO IFMBE PROC
PY 2024
AB Given the various technologies used to measure and detect cardiac
   arrhythmia, this project proposes using TinyML (Embedded Machine Learning)
   for atrial fibrillation and normal sinus rhythm classification.  The machine
   learning model is going to be deployed in a microcontroller to bring a
   small, efficient, and straightforward prototype for the desired purpose.
   The proposed architecture of the neural model was composed of convolutional
   networks (CNN), where the input data from the PTB-XL database went through
   some pre-processing steps, such as filtering and dividing the temporal
   records into individual heartbeats.  The prototype execution in the embedded
   environment was developed and carried out using the ESP32 development board.
   The results obtained verified that the model reached an overall accuracy of
   94.1% and 94.04% in the training and test stages, respectively.  In
   contrast, it got an overall accuracy of 99.33% in the microcontroller
   prototype inference, with data extracted from an advanced patient simulator
   that reproduces different cardiac signals.  © 2024, The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE machine learning; r-wave detection; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; diseases; microcontrollers; signal detection;
   atrial fibrillation; cardiac arrhythmia; embedded machines; machine
   learning; normal sinus rhythm; overall accuracies; r-wave detections; sinus
   rhythm; tinyml; various technologies; machine learning

---

UT 704
AR Bello H, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1212 LNNS, P393, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-77571-0_38
TI MeciFace: Mechanomyography and Inertial Fusion-Based Glasses for Edge Real-
   Time Recognition of Facial and Eating Activities
AU Bello H; Suh S; Zhou B; Lukowicz P
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB The prevalence of stress-related eating behaviors and their profound impact
   on overall health underscore the urgent need for effective and widespread
   monitoring systems.  To handle these issues, we introduce MeciFace, an
   innovative wearable technology meticulously crafted to monitor facial
   expressions and eating activities in real-time on-the-edge (RTE). MeciFace
   represents a significant advancement in health monitoring by offering a low-
   power, privacy-conscious, and remarkably accurate solution to promote
   healthy eating behaviors and facilitate stress management.  At its core,
   MeciFace leverages lightweight convolutional neural networks as backbone
   models for both facial expression recognition and eating activity monitoring
   scenarios.  One of the standout features of the MeciFace system is its
   commitment to efficiency, achieved through meticulous optimization resulting
   in a tiny memory footprint ranging from 11 to 19 KB. This ensures seamless
   operation without undue strain on resources, making it ideal for continuous
   usage in real-world scenarios.  MeciFace demonstrates outstanding
   performance in rigorous RTE evaluations, achieving an F1-score of ≥86% for
   facial expression recognition and an impressive 94% for eating/drinking
   monitoring, for the RTE of unseen users.  These results are obtained in a
   user-independent case, underscoring the robustness and generalizability of
   the system across diverse user profiles.  © The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE eating monitoring; facial expression; on-the-edge; real-time; tinyml
ID wearable technology; eating behavior; eating monitoring; facial expression
   recognition; facial expressions; inertial fusion; mechanomyography; on-the-
   edge; real-time recognition; real- time; tinyml; convolutional neural
   networks

---

UT 707
AR Carra A, 2024, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V13, DOI 10.3390/electronics13234644
TI Watermarking Tiny MLCommons Image Applications Without Extra Deployability
   Costs
AU Carra A; Durmuskaya DE; Giulio BD; Falaschetti L; Turchetti C; Pau DP
TC 1
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2024
AB The tasks assigned to neural network (NN) models are increasingly
   challenging due to the growing demand for their applicability across
   domains.  Advanced machine learning programming skills, development time,
   and expensive assets are required to achieve accurate models, and they
   represent important assets, particularly for small and medium enterprises.
   Whether they are deployed in the Cloud or on Edge devices, i.e., resource-
   constrained devices that require the design of tiny NNs, it is of paramount
   importance to protect the associated intellectual properties (IP). Neural
   networks watermarking (NNW) can help the owner to claim the origin of an NN
   model that is suspected to have been attacked or copied, thus illegally
   infringing the IP. Adapting two state-of-the-art NNW methods, this paper
   aims to define watermarking procedures to securely protect tiny NNs’ IP in
   order to prevent unauthorized copies of these networks; specifically,
   embedded applications running on low-power devices, such as the image
   classification use cases developed for MLCommons benchmarks.  These
   methodologies inject into a model a unique and secret parameter pattern or
   force an incoherent behavior when trigger inputs are used, helping the owner
   to prove the origin of the tested NN model.  The obtained results
   demonstrate the effectiveness of these techniques using AI frameworks both
   on computers and MCUs, showing that the watermark was successfully
   recognized in both cases, even if adversarial attacks were simulated, and,
   in the second case, if accuracy values, required resources, and inference
   times remained unchanged.  © 2024 by the authors.
DE backdoors; image use cases; tiny machine learning microcontrollers;
   watermarking

---

UT 713
AR Garbay T, 2024, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V24, DOI 10.1145/3691343
TI ZIP-CNN: Design Space Exploration for CNN Implementation within a MCU
AU Garbay T; Hachicha K; Dobias P; Pinna A; Hocine K; Dron W; Lusich P; Khalis
   I; Granado B
TC 1
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB Embedded systems based on Microcontroller Units (MCUs) often gather
   significant quantities of data and solve various issues.  Convolutional
   Neural Networks (CNNs) have proven their effectiveness in solving computer
   vision and natural language processing tasks.  However, implementing CNNs
   within MCUs is challenging due to their high inference costs, which varies
   widely depending on hardware targets and CNN topologies.  Despite state-of-
   the-art advancements, no efficient design space exploration solutions handle
   the wide variety of implementation solutions.  In this article, we introduce
   the ZIP-CNN design space exploration methodology, which facilitates CNN
   implementation within MCUs.  We developed a model that quantitatively
   estimates the latency, energy consumption, and memory space required to run
   a CNN within an MCU. This model accounts for algorithmic reductions such as
   knowledge distillation, pruning, or quantization and applies to any CNN
   topology.  To demonstrate the efficiency of our methodology, we investigated
   LeNet5, ResNet8, and ResNet26 within three different MCUs.  We made
   materials and supplementary results available in a GitHub repository:
   https://github.com/ThGbay/ZIP-CNN. The proposed method was empirically
   verified on three hardware targets running at 14 different operating
   frequencies.  The three CNN topologies investigated were implemented in
   their default configuration in FP32, and also reduced with INT8
   quantization, pruning at five different rates and with knowledge
   distillation.  The estimates of our model are very reliable with an error of
   3.29% to 15.23% for latency, 3.12% to 10.34% for energy consumption, and
   1.95% to 6.31% for memory space.  These results are based on on-device
   measurements.  © 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication
   rights licensed to ACM.
DE additional key words and phrasesdesign space exploration; microcontroller
   units; neural networks; tiny machine learning
ID convolutional neural networks; digital storage; inference engines;
   integrated circuit design; additional key word and phrasesdesign space
   exploration; convolutional neural network; key words; machine learning;
   microcontroller unit; neural network designs; neural network topology;
   neural networks; space explorations; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 716
AR Ibrahim MFR, 2024, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN PERCOM, P18, DOI
   10.1109/PerCom59722.2024.10494450
TI End-to-End Multi-Modal Tiny-CNN for Cardiovascular Monitoring on Sensor
   Patches
AU Ibrahim MFR; Alkanat T; Meijer M; Schlaefer A; Stelldinger P
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN PERCOM
PY 2024
AB The vast majority of cardiovascular diseases are avoidable or treatable by
   preventive measures and early de-tection.  To efficiently detect early signs
   and risk factors, car-diovascular parameters can be monitored continuously
   with small sensor patches, which improve the comfort of patients.  However,
   processing the sensor data is a challenging task with the demanding needs of
   robustness, reliability, performance and efficiency.  The field of deep
   learning has tremendous potential to provide a way to analyze cardiovascular
   sensor data to detect anomalies which alleviates the workload of doctors for
   more effective data interpretation.  In this work, we show the feasibility
   of applying deep learning for the classification of synchronized
   electrocardiogram and phonocardiogram recordings under very tight resource
   constraints.  Our model employs an early fusion of data and uses
   convolutional layers to solve the problem of binary classification of
   anomalies.  Our experiments show that our model matches the accuracy of the
   current state-of-the-art model on the 'training-a' dataset of the Physionet
   Challenge 2016 database while being more than two orders of magnitude more
   efficient in memory footprint and compute cost.  Further, we demonstrate the
   applicability of our model on edge devices, such as sensor patches, by
   estimating processor performance, power consumption, and silicon area.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; patient monitoring; sensor patches; smart sensing; tinyml
ID data handling; edge computing; electrocardiograms; patient monitoring;
   cardiovascular disease; cardiovascular monitoring; edge computing; end to
   end; multi-modal; preventive measures; sensor patch; sensors data; smart
   sensing; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 717
AR Reddi VJ, 2024, PROC - INT CONF HARDW/SOFTW CODESIGN SYST SYNTH CODES+ISSS,
   P41, DOI 10.1109/CODES-ISSS60120.2024.00015
TI MLSysBook.AI: Principles and Practices of Machine Learning Systems
   Engineering
AU Reddi VJ
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF HARDW/SOFTW CODESIGN SYST SYNTH CODES+ISSS
PY 2024
AB Machine Learning (ML) has revolutionized numerous fields.  This progress has
   largely been credited to the development of ML algorithms and models, but
   this focus overshadows the engineering required to effectively deploy,
   scale, and maintain these models in real-world settings.  As machine
   learning systems become increasingly complex and widespread, the need for a
   dedicated discipline to address this gap, Machine Learning Systems
   Engineering (MLSE), has emerged.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE deep learning; ml systems; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; deep learning; federated learning; deep learning;
   machine learning algorithms; machine learning models; machine learning
   systems; machine learning; principles and practices; real-world setting;
   tinyml; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 733
AR Fragkou E, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P231, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00015-4
TI Non-static TinyML for ad hoc networked devices
AU Fragkou E; Katsaros D
TC 1
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB TinyML is an emerging subfield of machine learning in which machine learning
   algorithms can be deployed in resource-starving devices, in order for them
   to process their own data.  However, due to the lack of resources, the
   aforementioned devices (e.g., microcontrollers, IoT devices, etc.) cannot
   perform on-device learning, but only run inference tasks (static TinyML).
   Inference-based techniques cannot meet the high expectations regarding
   accuracy of the device predictions since they are models that cannot be
   reconfigured and hence adjust to new raw data required in real-time
   scenarios.  So, we demonstrate ways of minimizing computational cost of the
   model, e.g., sparsification techniques, inspired by network science
   disciplines and transfer learning prospects.  Concurrently, we introduce
   algorithms for finding proper decentralized topologies (backbones), paving
   the way for federated learning implementations.  Furthermore, smart data
   gathering policies are proposed in order to reduce node communication costs
   during cooperative on-device learning.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights
   reserved, including those for text and data mining, AI training, and similar
   technologies.
DE ad-hoc networks; efficient on-device training; network science; non-static
   tinyml; sparsification

---

UT 737
AR Alaa R, 2024, ICSINTESA - INT CONF SCI TECHNOL SMART ADM COLLAB SMART
   TECHNOL GOV SUISTAIN DEV GOALS, P469, DOI
   10.1109/ICSINTESA62455.2024.10747868
TI Low-Cost Blind Spot Detection System Based on Lite Object Detection
   Algorithm and Limited Resources Hardware
AU Alaa R; Al-Libawy H; Hussein EA
TC 1
SO ICSINTESA - INT CONF SCI TECHNOL SMART ADM COLLAB SMART TECHNOL GOV SUISTAIN
   DEV GOALS
PY 2024
AB Blind spot detection systems have become integral components of modern
   vehicle safety systems, aiming to mitigate the risks associated with lane-
   changing maneuvers.  However, existing blind spot detection solutions often
   rely on expensive external sensors or complex infrastructure such as Radar
   and LIDAR, limiting their widespread adoption, particularly in budget-
   conscious markets.  In this work, the combination of computer vision
   techniques and edge computing to detect vehicles is used in the blind spot
   region in real time.  A lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) model
   is deployed on an embedded device, such as a microcontroller, to process
   video streams from onboard cameras.  The CNN model analyzes the captured
   frames, identifying vehicles near the host vehicle.  This study compares the
   performance of several algorithms, including SSD FPN-Lite, YOLO, and FOMO,
   using a dataset of automated rickshaws, with images captured at various
   angles and dimensions.  It has been shown that the FOMO algorithm is the
   best option for working on microcontrollers.  An Arduino was used to connect
   to a camera that captures images in real time, recognizes the object, and
   identifies it with a center point.  The best possible testing accuracy for
   this work using the collected dataset was 88.24%. © 2024 IEEE.
DE depthwise separable convolution; embedded-system; mobilenetv2; tensorflow
   lite; tiny machine learning
ID analog storage; convolutional neural networks; digital storage;
   microcontrollers; blind spot detection system; convolutional neural network;
   depthwise separable convolution; embedded-system; machine learning;
   mobilenetv2; neural network model; real- time; tensorflow lite; tiny machine
   learning; budget control

---

UT 740
AR Pau DP, 2024, IEEE ZOOMING INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL CONF ZINC, P72, DOI
   10.1109/ZINC61849.2024.10579406
TI Detecting Mice Depth Shapes with Deployable Tiny Neural Networks in Small
   Cages
AU Pau DP; Fiorenza G; Garzola M
TC 1
SO IEEE ZOOMING INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL CONF ZINC
PY 2024
AB Detecting tiny shapes, per pixel, of mammals can be challenging in small
   environments, such as the cages used for pre-clinical studies.  There are
   tens of racks containing hundreds of cages in a typical installation.  In
   such a context, this paper examined several neural models, taking into
   account their computational and memory complexity, to ensure that they can
   be deployed on tiny off-The-shelf and cheap microcontrollers.  The study
   employed a NUCLEO board with STM32U5 connected to a time of flight sensor
   named VL53L8CX. This sensor generated sequences of depth frames over time.
   These data were collected into a hand-crafted dataset, which, following a
   data augmentation process, achieved a totals of 2498 samples.  The models
   considered were: A U-Net based architecture; a hand-crafted one, called
   Micronet.  The latter, following the post-Training quantization procedure to
   8 bits integer, achieved a mAP score above 86%, an inference time of 0.27
   ms, a FLASH size of 1.3 KiB and a RAM usage of 0.5 KiB. These results
   enabled the implementation of a high-speed detector on cheap microcontroller
   chip.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE depth map; detection; mice; microcontrollers; neural networks; pre-clinical
   studies; tiny machine learning
ID machine learning; mammals; random access storage; clinical study; depthmap;
   detection; machine learning; mouse; neural modeling; neural networks; pre-
   clinical; pre-clinical study; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 749
AR Elmoutaoukkil A, 2024, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2167 CCIS, P259, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-77040-1_19
TI Industry 4.0 Efficiency: Predictive Maintenance with TinyML and an
   Incremental Model
AU Elmoutaoukkil A; Chriss M; Khatib A; Mouchtachi A
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2024
AB Predictive maintenance (PdM) represents a strategic approach to the
   management of industrial assets that has gained significance in the era of
   the Fourth Industrial Revolution.  In a context where operational efficiency
   and downtime minimization are becoming crucial imperatives, predictive
   maintenance stands out as an innovative solution.  Instead of relying on
   scheduled maintenance methods based on fixed calendars, predictive
   maintenance leverages technological advancements, including sensors,
   artificial intelligence, and machine learning algorithms, to anticipate
   potential failures and breakdowns of industrial equipments.  However, in
   actual circumstances, resistance to adopting predictive maintenance persists
   due to a myriad of variables, as well as the high customization it requires.
   In this paper, we propose a new framework for PdM, which is based on TinyML
   technology and incremental machine learning models capable of recognizing
   new problems reported by those operating the machinery.  Our framework,
   deployed on the ESP32 card and tested on a rotating machine shows a
   continuous improvement in system performance, demonstrating its
   effectiveness and adaptability.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE incremental model; industry 40; internet of things ( iot ); machine learning
   ( ml ); predictive maintenance ( pdm ); tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; incremental models; industrial revolutions;
   internet of thing; machine learning; machine learning; operational
   efficiencies; predictive maintenance; strategic approaches; tinyml;
   predictive maintenance

---

UT 756
AR De Simone A, 2024, IEEE INT WORK METROL AGRIC METROAGRIFOR - PROC, P289, DOI
   10.1109/MetroAgriFor63043.2024.10948824
TI IoT-Based Bee Colony Health Monitoring: A Focus on Energy Impact and Audio
   Feature Extraction
AU De Simone A; Barbisan L; Turvani G; Riente F
TC 1
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL AGRIC METROAGRIFOR - PROC
PY 2024
AB Beekeeping is essential for maintaining ecosystem stability, improving
   pollination, and enriching biodiversity.  The presence of the queen bee is
   critical for evaluating the health of bee colonies, which is fundamental for
   ecological equilibrium.  Tine Machine Learning (TinyML), designed to predict
   the queen bee's presence, can be a valuable support for beekeepers in
   proactively assessing the colony's health from sound processing.
   Nonetheless, preprocessing the raw audio signals to prepare features for the
   TinyML model demands significant computational resources.  This paper
   analyzes the energy impact of audio feature extractions for Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) applications tailored for edge devices.  We consider the
   Short Time Fourier Transform (STFT) and Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients
   (MFCC) as audio features.  Here, we deploy several models on our custom IoT
   device to detect the queen bee's presence from audio recordings.  The
   system's architecture employs simplified Machine Learning models and low-
   precision audio processing to optimize energy efficiency.  Despite these
   modifications aimed at reducing power usage, the system maintains
   performance metrics close to more complex setups, demonstrating minimal
   compromise in accuracy.  This study underscores the impact of efficient
   feature extraction and data precision on reducing energy demands in IoT
   devices, which is crucial for sustainable TinyML deployment.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); internet of things ( iot ); neural network (
   nn ); queen bee detection; sound analysis; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID artificial intelligence; audio feature extraction; energy impact; internet
   of thing; machine learning; neural network; neural networks; queen bee
   detection; sound analysis; tiny machine learning; audio recordings

---

UT 758
AR Maoui M, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V982, P1, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-60594-9_1
TI Perspectives of TinyML-Based Self-management in IoT-Based Systems
AU Maoui M; Benaboud R
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB The emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT) has brought with it the need
   to efficiently and autonomously manage the systems that power these networks
   of connected objects.  With this in mind, the use of TinyML (Tiny Machine
   Learning) presents itself as a promising technique to the self-management of
   IoT-based systems.  TinyML enables the execution of Machine Learning (ML)
   models directly on IoT devices with low computing and memory power, offering
   benefits such as reduced bandwidth requirements, real-time responsiveness,
   data privacy preservation and resource optimization.  Through proactive
   monitoring, anomaly detection, performance problem diagnosis and real-time
   adaptation, TinyML can facilitate the efficient self-management of IoT-based
   systems, paving the way for significant improvements in performance,
   efficiency, security and sustainability of these systems.  With this in
   mind, we explore the possibilities offered by TinyML for the self-management
   of IoT-based systems, examining its advantages, limitations and future
   opportunities.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE iot-based systems; self-management; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; data privacy; machine learning; real-time systems;
   bandwidth requirement; internet of thing-based system; machine learning
   models; machine learning; power; privacy preservation; real- time; reduced
   bandwidths; self-management; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 766
AR Hsain A, 2024, IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT, DOI
   10.1109/GCAIOT63427.2024.10833526
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Real-Time Aquaculture Monitoring: A Case Study in
   Morocco
AU Hsain A; Zaki Y; Abaakil O; Bekkar H-A; Chtouki Y
TC 1
SO IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT
PY 2024
AB Aquaculture, the farming of aquatic organisms, is a rapidly growing industry
   facing challenges such as water quality fluctuations, disease outbreaks, and
   inefficient feed management.  Traditional monitoring methods often rely on
   manual labor and are time consuming, leading to potential delays in
   addressing issues.  This paper proposes the integration of low-power edge
   devices using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) into aquaculture systems to
   enable real-time automated monitoring and control, such as collecting data
   and triggering alarms, and reducing labor requirements.  The system provides
   real-time data on the required parameters such as pH levels, temperature,
   dissolved oxygen, and ammonia levels to control water quality, nutrient
   levels, and environmental conditions enabling better maintenance, efficient
   resource utilization, and optimal management of the enclosed aquaculture
   space.  The system enables alerts in case of anomaly detection.  The data
   collected by the sensors over time can serve for important decision-making
   regarding optimizing water treatment processes, feed distribution, feed
   pattern analysis and improve feed efficiency, reducing operational costs.
   This research explores the feasibility of developing TinyML-based solutions
   for aquaculture monitoring, considering factors such as sensor selection,
   algorithm design, hardware constraints, and ethical considerations.  By
   demonstrating the potential benefits of TinyML in aquaculture, our aim is to
   contribute to the development of more sustainable and efficient farming
   practices.  ©2024 IEEE.
DE aquaculture; ecosystem management; environmental sustainability; sustainable
   food production; tinyml
ID case-studies; disease outbreaks; ecosystem management; environmental
   sustainability; food production; machine learning; quality fluctuations;
   real- time; sustainable food production; tiny machine learning; aquaculture

---

UT 771
AR Vaddeboina M, 2024, PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD, P487, DOI
   10.1109/DSD64264.2024.00071
TI Optimizing Data Compression: Enhanced Golomb-Rice Encoding with Parallel
   Decoding Strategies for TinyML Models
AU Vaddeboina M; Yilmayer A; Ecker W
TC 1
SO PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD
PY 2024
AB Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) offer possibilities for tackling practical
   challenges and broadening the scope of Artificial Intelligence (AI)
   applications.  The demanding memory requirements of present-day neural
   networks can be attributed to the rising intricacy of network architectures.
   These designs encompass multiple layers with an extensive number of
   parameters, leading to heightened demands on memory storage.  The energy
   consumption during the inference execution of DNNs is predominantly
   attributed to the access and processing of these parameters.  To tackle the
   significant size of models integrated into Internet of Things (IoT) devices,
   a promising strategy involves diminishing the bit width of weights.  This
   paper introduces an improved version of Golomb-Rice (GR) encoder and an
   optimized Parallel Golomb-Rice decoder that can support sparse and non-
   sparse DNNs.  To evaluate the encoder's and decoder's efficiency, we
   conducted two sets of experiments using three TinyML benchmarks, one without
   pruning and the other incorporating pruning.  The results highlight that the
   encoder demonstrates a Compression-Ratio (CR) superior to that of Huffman
   encoding, and the decoder exhibits an energy efficiency of up to 2.6 TBps/W
   and 2.7 TBps/W for four- and eight-weight decoding, respectively.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE deep neural networks; golomb-rice coding; internet of things; neural network
   accelerators; parallel decoders
ID associative storage; benchmarking; data compression ratio; decoding; deep
   neural networks; memory architecture; multilayer neural networks; network
   coding; decoding strategy; encodings; golomb-rice coding; memory
   requirements; neural network accelerator; neural networks; parallel decoder;
   parallel decoding; rice coding; encoding ( symbols )

---

UT 775
AR Mendez-Cruz C, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON ELECTR ENG COMPUT INTERCON,
   DOI 10.1109/INTERCON63140.2024.10833485
TI Proof of Concept: A TinyML-Based Image Classifier for Detecting
   Microplastics and Waste in Simulated Marine Environments
AU Mendez-Cruz C; Silva-Cuzqui C; Vasco-Aredondo L; Chan-Rios R; Vela-Anton P;
   De La Cruz L
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON ELECTR ENG COMPUT INTERCON
PY 2024
AB This study presents the development of an image classifier designed to
   identify microplastics and cardboard waste, with potential application in
   marine environments, using Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) implemented on an
   ESP32-CAM module.  A total of 229 images were collected, classified into mi-
   croplastics and non-microplastics, and preprocessing techniques such as
   scaling (to 96× 96 pixels) and normalization were applied to optimize the
   performance of the chosen model.  The learning technique used was Transfer
   Learning, employing a model based on the MobileNetV1 architecture.  The
   model was trained and validated, achieving an accuracy of 91.7% on the
   validation set under controlled conditions.  This implementation
   demonstrates the initial feasibility of using TinyML on resource-constrained
   devices for plastic waste detection, laying the groundwork for future
   testing in real marine environments.  The study provides a promising
   foundation for the development of environmental monitoring tools, although
   additional validation in field conditions is required to confirm its
   effectiveness in real aquatic ecosystems.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edgeimpulse; microplastics; neu-ronal networks; tinyml; transfer learning
ID detection; development; ecosystems; environments; plastics; testing; tools;
   wastes; aquatic ecosystems; image classification; classifieds; edgeimpulse;
   image classifiers; machine learning; marine environment; microplastics; neu-
   ronal network; proof of concept; tiny machine learning; transfer learning;
   microplastic

---

UT 778
AR Patil M, 2024, ASIAN CONF INNOV TECHNOL ASIANCON, DOI
   10.1109/ASIANCON62057.2024.10838127
TI Edge Impulse: TinyML Language Classification Model
AU Patil M; Rawoorkar P; Muley P; Motade S; Kukade S; Deshpande A; Nair A
TC 1
SO ASIAN CONF INNOV TECHNOL ASIANCON
PY 2024
AB There is an immense demand for smart production procedures with a
   requirement of intelligence which is expected in today's industry due to
   rapid development.  One of those intelligent production techniques gave
   birth to TinyML, which has the ability to run machine learning models with
   low processing power and still satisfying the accuracy threshold for
   effective application.  This research explores the implementation of TinyML
   for conveyor belt systems using Edge Impulse software.  The significance of
   this research lies in the approach of handling a problem such as language
   identification on products real time and on edge devices.  This pipeline was
   created with data acquisition, model design, training and testing done
   sequentially to suit our purpose, with getting the results of accurate
   identification of 4 languages Arabic, Chinese, Hindi and English along with
   processing time of 1ms and RAM consumption of 4KB. The study shares valuable
   insights about the practical implementation/ applications of Tiny ML in the
   smart manufacturing process by bridging the automated systems and human
   operations.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; edge impulse; language identification; tinyml
ID belt conveyors; data acquisition; modeling languages; classification models;
   conveyor belt system; edge computing; edge impulse; language identification;
   machine learning models; processing power; production procedure; production
   techniques; tinyml; smart manufacturing

---

UT 781
AR Xie H, 2024, PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC, P823, DOI
   10.1109/CCNC51664.2024.10454637
TI Multimodal Interface for Games: A Case Study with TinyML
AU Xie H; Hou LC; Chau LT; Weng LK; Wang X; Guo Y; Delnevo G; Ceccarini C; Lam
   C-T; Tang S-K
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC
PY 2024
AB Multimodal interfaces go beyond the traditional interaction through keyboard
   and mouse by incorporating multiple modes of interaction, such as touch,
   voice, gesture, and even gaze, to create more intuitive and immersive user
   experiences.  This paper investigates how TinyML can be employed for
   multimodal interfaces in the context of games.  An endless game in which the
   character has to avoid obstacles and fight monsters to advance has been
   developed.  An Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense is then used as the input device
   for the game by recognizing the hand gestures of the players.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE games; internet of things; multi-modal interface; tinyml
ID interactive computer systems; mammals; user interfaces; avoid obstacles;
   case-studies; game; hand gesture; immersive; input devices; multi-modal
   interfaces; multiple modes; tinyml; users experiences; internet of things

---

UT 795
AR Wang Z, 2024, EUR RADAR CONF EURAD, P392, DOI
   10.23919/EuRAD61604.2024.10734950
TI In-Cabin Detection, Localization and Classification based on mmWave Radar
   with TinyML
AU Wang Z; Cheng Y; Peng H; Zhou H/1; Wang Z/3; Liu H
TC 1
SO EUR RADAR CONF EURAD
PY 2024
AB This paper presents a real-Time in-cabin detection, localization, and
   classification solution with a millimeter-wave (mmWave) radar system-on-chip
   (SoC), Calterah CAL60S344-AE, enabled by tiny machine learning (TinyML). The
   beam-range-Doppler (BRD) features are proposed to alleviate the impact of
   interference and facilitate adults and infants classification.  We develop
   two lightweight convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with label-smoothing
   techniques to overcome noisy labels and augment model generality.  Extensive
   experiments show that the implementation can achieve over 96% accuracy for
   detection and over 90% accuracy for localization and classification in the
   worst case, with only 76 KB model size and around 44 ms inference time.
   Comparative analyses also underscore the importance of model generality and
   robustness for real-world applications, and demonstrate that satisfactory
   performance can be attained even by using a simple CNN model.  © 2024
   European Microwave Association (EuMA).
DE child presence detection; convolutional neural network; in-cabin detection;
   radar; tinyml
ID computer vision; feature extraction; image segmentation; masers; network-on-
   chip; radar interference; text processing; child presence detection;
   convolutional neural network; in-cabin; in-cabin detection; localization;
   machine learning; millimeter-wave radar; millimetre-wave radar; presence
   detections; tiny machine learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 797
AR Risso M, 2024, SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT, V32 SPAR, P304, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-76424-0_54
TI Optimized Deployment of Deep Neural Networks for Visual Pose Estimation
   on Nano-drones
AU Risso M; Daghero F; Motetti BA; Jahier Pagliari D; Macii E; Poncino M;
   Burrello A
TC 1
SO SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT
PY 2024
AB Miniaturized autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are gaining
   popularity due to their small size, enabling new tasks such as indoor
   navigation or people monitoring.  Nonetheless, their size and simple
   electronics pose severe challenges in implementing advanced onboard
   intelligence.  This work proposes a new automatic optimization pipeline for
   visual pose estimation tasks using Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). The pipeline
   leverages two different Neural Architecture Search (NAS) algorithms to
   pursue a vast complexity-driven exploration in the DNNs’ architectural
   space.  The obtained networks are then deployed on an off-the-shelf nano-
   drone equipped with a parallel ultra-low power System-on-Chip leveraging a
   set of novel software kernels for the efficient fused execution of critical
   DNN layer sequences.  Our results improve the state-of-the-art reducing
   inference latency by up to 3.22× at iso-error.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE cnn; fused layers; nano-drones; nas; tinyml
ID drones; multilayer neural networks; nanorobotics; nanorobots;
   nanosatellites; time difference of arrival; autonomous unmanned aerial
   vehicles; fused layer; indoor navigation; nano-drone; neural architecture
   search; neural architectures; neural networks; optimized deployments; pose-
   estimation; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 801
AR Pelayo KDC, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS61496.2024.10848625
TI Comparative Analysis and Implementation of Energy-Quality Scalable Multiply-
   Accumulate Architectures for TinyML Applications
AU Pelayo KDC; Alvarez AB; Chua AN; Galapon FAR; Tan AJA; Quizon LRA
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB Recent trends in machine learning algorithms have shifted from computer
   vision applications to near-sensor intelligent data analytics, such as
   wireless sensor nodes, which are considered as ultra-low power devices.
   This shift presents new challenges in energy consumption, throughput, and
   area budgets.  This work implements and optimizes Bit Fusion, a 2D-scalable
   divide-and-conquer (D&C) MAC architecture with precisionscaling from 8 to 2
   bits, through bitwidth optimizations and by trading-off complexity overheads
   that are not aligned with the target MobileNet-v2 model.  The designs are
   synthesized using 22-nm FD-SOI CMOS technology.  It was determined that the
   throughput trade-offs of 1-level architectures in 2 b × 2 b mode for 1 7. 3
   7 % less energy per operation and 2 6. 8 4 % more throughput per area would
   be preferred.  Architecture variations were also explored wherein sum-
   together (ST) architectures outperformed sum-apart (SA) architectures with 2
   1. 0 3 % reduction in energy per operation and 3 3. 3 2 % increase in
   throughput per area.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE asic; deep neural networks; digital accelerators; energy-quality scalable
   circuits; mac; multiply-accumulate; precision-scalable circuits
ID cmos integrated circuits; deep neural networks; digital storage; energy
   utilization; sensor nodes; system-on-chip; comparative analyzes; digital
   accelerators; energy; energy-quality; energy-quality scalable circuit; mac;
   multiply-accumulate ( mac ); neural networks; precision-scalable circuit;
   quality scalable; budget control

---

UT 806
AR Diab MS, 2024, IFMBE PROC, V109, P476, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-62502-2_55
TI Comparison of the Performance of Statistical and Spectral Feature Based
   Models for Embedded Cough Detection Using Accelerometry Data
AU Diab MS; Rodriguez-Villegas E
TC 1
SO IFMBE PROC
PY 2024
AB The work presented in this paper compares the performance of different
   machine learning approaches, based on spectral and statistical features, in
   identifying coughs from accelerometry data sensed via a wearable attached to
   a shirt’s collar.  The extracted features are separately used to train and
   evaluate neural network models for cough detection - first as a multi-class
   problem, second as a binary problem.  The models’ performance was compared
   in terms of overall accuracy, cough sensitivity, specificity, and F1-score.
   It is concluded that the model using statistical features for a multi-class
   cough detection achieved the best cough sensitivity of 100% and F1-score of
   0.95 with cough specificity of 97.3%. The four classification models were
   further evaluated for on-board performance as a TinyML cough system.  They
   were all successfully deployed on Nordic Thing:53 using Edge impulse, and
   their memory requirements and estimated time per inference are reported.  In
   terms of memory and time, the statistical- multi-class model was the
   smallest model occupying 13.7 KB of Flash memory and 1.1 KB of RAM; it was
   also the fastest model, requiring an estimated 1 ms per inference.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE accelerometer; cough detection; machine learning; tinyml; wearable device
ID contrastive learning; wearable technology; accelerometry; cough detection;
   f1 scores; feature-based model; machine learning; performance; spectral
   feature; statistical features; tinyml; wearable devices; accelerometers

---

UT 807
AR Yu K/1, 2024, PROCEEDING - IEEE CLOUD SUMMIT CLOUD SUMMIT, P170, DOI
   10.1109/Cloud-Summit61220.2024.00035
TI PACAS: A Privacy-Aware Smart Camera System
AU Yu K/1; Chen D
TC 1
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE CLOUD SUMMIT CLOUD SUMMIT
PY 2024
AB Smart cameras have been increasingly deployed in smart homes for remote
   monitoring and enhancing home security.  However, extensive recent research
   has uncovered potential user privacy threats associated with popular
   commercial camera systems.  Some manufacture design of these commercial
   camera systems usually requires smart camera users to relinquish their
   control of camera recorded data.  For instance, these cameras often upload
   camera recordings to their cloud servers to enable advanced data analysis
   for camera app services.  To facilitate enhanced camera services, the data
   may be further shared with on-path vendors, third parties of manufacturers,
   and cloud providers, potentially allowing them to access video footage or
   image captures without users' awareness or meaningful consent.  To address
   this problem, we design a new smart camera system-PACAS that enables people
   to regain the control of their data while still retaining access to regular
   camera services.  We evaluate PACAS using multiple camera video footage
   traces and on multiple real-world camera prototypes.  We show that PACAS can
   achieve the performance of 0.5 second living streaming latency at a frame
   rate of 30 fps and a resolution of 240x320 on average.  PACAS offers
   compelling evidence that smart camera systems can deliver on-device modern
   capabilities comparable to those provided by current commercial systems, all
   while upholding user privacy.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE internet of things; tinyml; user privacy
ID smart manufacturing; camera systems; home security; privacy aware; recent
   researches; remote monitoring; smart cameras; smart homes; tinyml; user
   privacy; video footage; differential privacy

---

UT 808
AR Bosse S, 2024, ALGORITHMS, V17, DOI 10.3390/a17080356
TI A Virtual Machine Platform Providing Machine Learning as a Programmable and
   Distributed Service for IoT and Edge On-Device Computing: Architecture,
   Transformation, and Evaluation of Integer Discretization
AU Bosse S
TC 1
SO ALGORITHMS
PY 2024
AB Data-driven models used for predictive classification and regression tasks
   are commonly computed using floating-point arithmetic and powerful
   computers.  We address constraints in distributed sensor networks like the
   IoT, edge, and material-integrated computing, providing only low-resource
   embedded computers with sensor data that are acquired and processed locally.
   Sensor networks are characterized by strong heterogeneous systems.  This
   work introduces and evaluates a virtual machine architecture that provides
   ML as a service layer (MLaaS) on the node level and addresses very low-
   resource distributed embedded computers (with less than 20 kB of RAM). The
   VM provides a unified ML instruction set architecture that can be programmed
   to implement decision trees, ANN, and CNN model architectures using scaled
   integer arithmetic only.  Models are trained primarily offline using
   floating-point arithmetic, finally converted by an iterative scaling and
   transformation process, demonstrated in this work by two tests based on
   simulated and synthetic data.  This paper is an extended version of the
   FedCSIS 2023 conference paper providing new algorithms and ML applications,
   including ANN/CNN-based regression and classification tasks studying the
   effects of discretization on classification and regression accuracy.  © 2024
   by the author.
DE discretization; distributed sensor networks; integer arithmetic; tinyml
ID virtual machine; computing architecture; data driven model; discretizations;
   distributed sensor networks; distributed service; embedded computers;
   floating-point arithmetic; integer arithmetic; machine learning; tinyml;
   virtual addresses

---

UT 825
AR Dantas HC, 2024, INSCIT - INT SYMP INSTRUM SYST CIRCUITS TRANSDUCERS PROC,
   DOI 10.1109/INSCIT62583.2024.10693377
TI Concrete Crack Detection Using Embedded Machine Learning
AU Dantas HC; Morais LMG; Bezerra PHA; Rego RCB
TC 1
SO INSCIT - INT SYMP INSTRUM SYST CIRCUITS TRANSDUCERS PROC
PY 2024
AB In this work, we present an embedded AI model for real-time concrete crack
   detection, considering the trade-offs between model complexity and accuracy.
   For this purpose, we implemented Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) on a
   32-bit ARM Cortex-M4 CPU and we analyzed inferencing time, peak RAM usage,
   flash usage, and metrics such as precision, accuracy, recall, and F1 score.
   The research provides a quantitative comparison between MobileNet versions 1
   and 2, and two CNN models with different numbers of layers, aiming to create
   an efficient and accurate solution for crack detection on surfaces of
   concrete structural members used in civil infrastructure.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; crack detection; machine learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; concrete cracks; convolutional neural network;
   cortexes; embedded machines; machine learning; modeling accuracy; modeling
   complexity; real- time; tinyml; trade off; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 826
AR Messina A, 2024, INT WORK QUANTUM BIOMED APPL TECHNOL SENSORS Q-BATS, P99,
   DOI 10.1109/Q-BATS63267.2024.10874014
TI Preliminary analysis on the use of Tiny Machine Learning for the
   exploitation of biosensors in emotional state estimation
AU Messina A; Vita A; Bregantin FM; Merenda M; Mallamaci D
TC 1
SO INT WORK QUANTUM BIOMED APPL TECHNOL SENSORS Q-BATS
PY 2024
AB Automatic emotion recognition involves various fields that use human
   emotional reactions.  This contribution exploits the use of low-cost
   sensors, among the various methods implemented or researched that make use
   of cameras or expensive medical instrumentation.  The provided setup employs
   contacting and skin-penetrating methods and electrodes for detecting human
   emotions and measuring their intensity.  The results of the analysis
   proposed can be adapted to different kind of emotions, measuring their
   intensity of the signal’s feedback and proposing their classification.  The
   proposed approach that classifies emotions through sensor measurements is
   presented to preliminarily assess application areas and potential results.
   This work aims to be a model for researchers using assessment and analysis
   of human emotions, when it is necessary to choose an appropriate method that
   makes use of low-cost, off-the-shelve electronic sensors.  ©2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); automatic emotion evaluation ( aee );
   galvanic skin response ( gsr ); tiny machine learning ( ml ); user emotional
   state
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; machine learning;
   artificial intelligence; automatic emotion evaluation; emotional state;
   galvanic skin response; human emotion; machine learning; preliminary
   analysis; tiny machine learning; user emotional state; emotion recognition

---

UT 834
AR Bonazzi P, 2024, IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC, P517, DOI
   10.1109/AICAS59952.2024.10595956
TI Q-Segment: Segmenting Images In-Sensor for Vessel-Based Medical Diagnosis
AU Bonazzi P; Li Y/1; Bian S; Magno M
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF AI CIRCUITS SYST AICAS - PROC
PY 2024
AB This paper addresses the growing interest in deploying deep learning models
   directly in-sensor.  We present "Q-Segment", a quantized real-time
   segmentation algorithm, and conduct a comprehensive evaluation on a low-
   power edge vision platform with an in-sensors processor, the Sony IMX500.
   One of the main goals of the model is to achieve end-to-end image
   segmentation for vessel-based medical diagnosis.  Deployed on the IMX500
   platform, Q-Segment achieves ultra-low inference time in-sensor only 0.23 ms
   and power consumption of only 72mW. We compare the proposed network with
   state-of-the-art models, both float and quantized, demonstrating that the
   proposed solution outperforms existing networks on various platforms in
   computing efficiency, e.g., by a factor of 75x compared to ERFNet.  The
   network employs an encoder-decoder structure with skip connections, and
   results in a binary accuracy of 97.25 % and an Area Under the Receiver
   Operating Characteristic Curve (AUC) of 96.97 % on the CHASE dataset.  We
   also present a comparison of the IMX500 processing core with the Sony
   Spresense, a low-power multi-core ARM Cortex-M microcontroller, and a
   single-core ARM Cortex-M4 showing that it can achieve in-sensor processing
   with end-to-end low latency (17 ms) and power consumption (254mW). This
   research contributes valuable insights into edge-based image segmentation,
   laying the foundation for efficient algorithms tailored to low-power
   environments.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE aiot; blood-vessel segmentation; edge processing; image segmentation;
   medical imagining; neural networks; retina vessel; tinyml
ID arm processors; blood vessels; computing power; deep learning; diagnosis;
   electric power utilization; energy efficiency; medical imaging; aiot; blood-
   vessel segmentations; edge processing; end to end; images segmentations; low
   power; medical imagining; neural networks; retina vessels; tinyml; image
   segmentation

---

UT 836
AR Armeniakos G, 2024, IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW,
   P177, DOI 10.1109/IPDPSW63119.2024.00044
TI Accelerating TinyML Inference on Microcontrollers Through Approximate
   Kernels
AU Armeniakos G; Mentzos G; Soudris D
TC 1
SO IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW
PY 2024
AB Despite the widespread adoption of energy-efficient microcontroller units
   (MCUs) in the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) domain, they face significant
   limitations in terms of performance and memory (RAM, Flash), especially when
   considering deep networks for complex classification tasks.  In this work,
   we combine significance-aware computation skipping and software kernel
   design to accelerate the inference of approximate CNN models on MCUs.  Our
   evaluation on an STM32-Nucleo board and 2 popular CNNs trained on the
   CIFAR-10 dataset shows that, compared to state-of-the-art exact inference,
   our Pareto optimal solutions can feature on average 21% latency reduction
   with no degradation in Top-1 classification accuracy, while for lower
   accuracy requirements, the corresponding reduction becomes even more
   pronounced.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE approximate computing; microcontrollers; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); controllers; energy efficiency; flash
   memory; pareto principle; random access storage; approximate computing;
   classification tasks; cnn models; energy efficient; kernel design; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; performance; software kernels; tiny machine
   learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 847
AR Wu G/1, 2024, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SUPPORT COOP WORK DES CSCWD, P790, DOI
   10.1109/CSCWD61410.2024.10580468
TI MicroENet: An Efficient Network for MCUs with Low Model Parameters and Peak
   Memory
AU Wu G/1; Chen Y/3; Zhang Y/11
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SUPPORT COOP WORK DES CSCWD
PY 2024
AB Machine learning (ML) is increasingly vital for IoT applications and
   Industry 4.0. Compared to uploading data to the cloud for ML inference.
   Utilizing ML for local low-power IoT device analysis can conserve energy and
   ensure data privacy by avoiding cloud uploads.  However, the inference of
   convolutional neural networks (CNNs) usually requires large intermediate
   activation maps and involves substantial parameters.  Most IoT devices have
   only <320KB SRAM and <2MB Flash.  To address these resource constraints,
   this paper proposes a novel model MicroENet with only hundreds of KB peak
   memory and parameters.  Firstly, the memory bottleneck lies in the first few
   blocks of the CNNs so that we reduce the output channels of the first layer
   of the model and employ efficient downsampling in the second layer to
   decrease the image size quickly, bypassing the large activation layer.
   Then, the enhanced attention depthwise blocks (MCU-Blocks) are proposed,
   which have high parametric efficiency.  Based on these blocks, we develop a
   tiny architecture with an ImageNet accuracy of 63.9%. Impressively, this
   result is achieved using only 245KB peak memory and 0.96 million parameters.
   In the visual wake word experiment, the size of our model is further reduced
   and achieves 89.64% accuracy with 28KB peak memory.  Finally, MicroENet is
   deployed on the STM32F746 microcontroller for the image classification task.
   The experimental results show that our model outperforms others with similar
   peak memory and parameters.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cnns; deep learning; industry 40; iot; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; deep learning; industry 40; internet of
   things; static random access storage; activation maps; conserve energy;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; device analysis; iot; low
   power; machine learning; modeling parameters; tinyml; chemical activation

---

UT 848
AR Vitolo P, 2024, PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD, P582, DOI
   10.1109/DSD64264.2024.00083
TI In-Sensor Self-Calibration Circuit of MEMS Pressure Sensors for Accurate
   Localization
AU Vitolo P; Licciardo GD; Pau D; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A
TC 1
SO PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD
PY 2024
AB This paper presents an innovative real-time self-calibration unit designed
   to enhance the accuracy of pressure sensors following thermal stress.  In
   this way, its use has been enabled in the contest of personal assistance, in
   particular for the precise localization of people in case of emergencies or
   in situations where mobility is impaired.  The proposed unit comprises a
   trigger module, which detects uncalibrations, and an error estimator module,
   which is activated by the trigger and estimates the error to be applied to
   pressure values through a compact reconfigurable neural network.  The system
   offers reconfigurability, enabling adaptation to various scenarios, such as
   post-soldering and prolonged exposure to temperatures beyond the nominal
   range.  Validation of the unit was conducted on LPS22HH pressure sensors at
   STMicroelectronics laboratories.  Results demonstrate its capability to
   recover up to 1.6 hPa and effectively restore accuracy within a nominal
   range of 0.5 hPa.  The system was implemented using STMicroelectronics BCD8
   technology, featuring a core area of 0.55 mm2 and dynamic power consumption
   of 4.46 n W in the best scenario.  These findings underscore the potential
   for integrating the system near the sensor, thus realizing an enhanced smart
   pressure sensor, particularly suited for demanding applications in Industry
   4.0, where accurate sensors are indispensable.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE neural networks; pressure sensors; self calibration; tinyml
ID microchannels; monolithic microwave integrated circuits; phase locked loops;
   pressure transducers; robotics; timing circuits; calibration circuits;
   calibration unit; localization; mems pressure sensor; neural networks; real-
   time; self calibration; stmicroelectronics; thermal; tinyml; pressure
   sensors

---

UT 850
AR Mendis HR, 2024, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, DOI 10.1145/3649329.3656219
TI Deep Reorganization: Retaining Residuals in TinyML
AU Mendis HR; Kang C-K; Lin C-H; Chen M-S; Hsiu P-C
TC 1
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2024
AB Designing intelligent, tiny devices with limited memory is immensely
   challenging, exacerbated by the additional memory requirement of residual
   connections in deep neural networks.  In contrast to existing approaches
   that eliminate residuals to reduce peak memory usage at the cost of
   significant accuracy degradation, this paper presents DERO, which
   reorganizes residual connections by leveraging insights into the types and
   interdependencies of operations across residual connections.  Evaluations
   were conducted across diverse model architectures designed for common
   computer vision applications.  DERO consistently achieves peak memory usage
   comparable to plain-style models without residuals, while closely matching
   the accuracy of the original models with residuals.  © 2024 Copyright is
   held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE deep neural networks; peak memory; residual connections; tinyml
ID computer vision; memory architecture; computer vision applications; limited
   memory; memory requirements; memory usage; modeling architecture; neural
   networks; peak memory; reorganization; residual connection; tinyml; deep
   neural networks

---

UT 869
AR Iqbal Z, 2024, AIAA IEEE DIG AVION SYST CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/DASC62030.2024.10749666
TI Introducing ML to IMA Technology - System Perspective
AU Iqbal Z; Lehmann M; Luettig B; Ayyildiz R; Bobrzik T; Vardanega T; Daw Z
TC 1
SO AIAA IEEE DIG AVION SYST CONF PROC
PY 2024
AB Machine learning (ML) technologies hold substan-tial promise for
   revolutionizing the aerospace industry, offering advancements in health
   system monitoring, autonomous systems, and drone-based operations.  However,
   their integration into aerospace systems introduces significant safety
   challenges, necessitating stringent regulatory guidance to ensure technology
   reliability and safety.  Depending on input data complexity, high-
   performance hardware like Graphical Processing Unit (GPU)s, TPUs, and
   Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC)s are crucial for ML
   applications, yet aviation's stringent safety standards restrict their
   usage.  This paper focuses on the critical aspects of system architecture,
   particularly in the context of lever-aging the well-established Integrated
   Modular Avionics (IMA) for ML execution.  Challenges in effectively
   integrating ML within IMA systems are discussed, along with various ML
   integration strategies, including embedding ML in applications, hosting
   models on the same hardware, or utilizing external hardware for specialized
   tasks.  Case studies are explored to understand practical implementations
   and future research directions to enhance ML integration within the IMA
   framework, emphasizing the evolving role of TinyML in enabling efficient,
   low-power ML implementations in aerospace applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; integrated modular avionics; machine learning;
   tinyml
ID aerospace industry; application specific integrated circuits; competition;
   computer graphics equipment; digital storage; aerospace systems; health
   systems; integrated modular avionics; machine learning technology; machine
   learning; regulatory guidance; stringents; system monitoring; technology
   system; tinyml; graphics processing unit

---

UT 878
AR Dabwan BA, 2024, IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI NETW SECUR ICDSNS, DOI
   10.1109/ICDSNS62112.2024.10691053
TI Detecting Gesture Language for Deaf and Mute People Usingon Ultra-Low-Power
   TinyML Model
AU Dabwan BA; Jadhav ME; Ismil OA; Hassan EA; Farah EA; Mohammad AA; Ali YA
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF DATA SCI NETW SECUR ICDSNS
PY 2024
AB Sign language serves as a communication method for deaf individuals,
   utilizing gestures and body movements to convey messages.  It includes
   components such as hand shapes, movements, orientations, and facial
   expressions, each gesture not only representing a word but also conveying
   nuanced tones.  Many deaf individuals face challenges with verbal
   communication, impacting their literacy skills.  Therefore, developing a
   sign language translation system, specifically a sign language recognition
   (The SLR (Sign Language Recognition) system holds great significance in
   their lives as it plays a vital role in connecting deaf and hearing
   individuals by bridging the communication gap., making it a pivotal area of
   study in human-computer interaction research.  To address this, we utilized
   the TinyML Model, enabling local data processing without reliance on cloud
   services.  This technology supports the inference of machine learning
   models, involving deep learning models, on microcontrollers Under
   constrained resources and power.  Our approach involved training the TinyML
   Model using a dataset representing the ASL Alphabet, comprising 24 classes
   of English sign language letters (excluding J and Z, which involve motion).
   The training dataset included 27,455 instances, with a test dataset of 7,172
   instances.  We assigned 80% of the dataset for training purposes and set
   aside the remaining 20% for testing.  The results were highly promising,
   achieving an impressive accuracy rate of 98%. This success underscores the
   potential of our model in automatically recognizing American Sign Language
   gestures, thereby improving communication and accessibility for individuals
   with hearing impairments.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; deaf and mute; deep learning; gestures; image
   processing; tinyml model
ID deep neural networks; gesture recognition; linguistics; communication
   method; deaf and mute; deep learning; gesture; images processing; neural
   networks; sign language; sign language recognition; tinyml model; ultra-low
   power; human computer interaction

---

UT 879
AR Alin-Gabriel C, 2024, IFMBE PROC, V109, P702, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-62502-2_79
TI Ocular Disease Recognition Using TinyML for Efficient Android Implementation
AU Alin-Gabriel C; Radu D
TC 1
SO IFMBE PROC
PY 2024
AB Ocular diseases represent a significant global health concern, with early
   and accurate diagnosis playing a crucial role in preventing vision loss.  In
   this study, we present a pioneering approach to the classification of ocular
   diseases using TinyML, a cutting-edge technology that leverages the power of
   machine learning on resource-constrained devices.  Our work addresses the
   pressing need for efficient, real-time, and cost-effective solutions in
   ophthalmology.  Our study showcases the comparison of three TinyML CNN
   models trained to detect eye diseases and tested on an Android
   implementation, offering a reliable and accessible tool, with accuracies of
   over 98,83%, for the early detection and management of ocular diseases,
   ultimately improving patient outcomes and reducing the global burden of
   vision impairment.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE cnn; edge ai; ocular diseases classification; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; diseases; lung cancer; cutting edge
   technology; disease classification; edge ai; global health; health concerns;
   ocular disease; ocular disease classification; power; tinyml; vision loss;
   ophthalmology

---

UT 886
AR Manea I, 2024, IFMBE PROC, V111 IFMBE, P43, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-62523-7_5
TI Automated Assessment of Hospital Waste Bin Fill Ratios: A Novel AI-Driven
   Approach for Enhanced Waste Management and Infection Control
AU Manea I; Duță Ș; Radu LE; Adochiei FC
TC 1
SO IFMBE PROC
PY 2024
AB Medical waste management has become a very serious problem due to population
   growth and the use of disposable medical instruments.  Traditional sensors
   (capacitive, optical, infrared, etc.) can have multiple limitations, medical
   waste being very varied, some categories having a high degree of risk.  The
   purpose of this work is to implement a versatile and efficient system, by
   using as a level sensor an ESP32-CAM camera and by implementing a linear
   regression model, preceded by image processing operations to detect the
   level of waste bins in hospitals.  The Mean Squared Error (MSE) and the
   Regression Correlation Coefficient (R2) were used to quantify the accuracy
   of the predictions obtained by the algorithm.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE artificial intelligence; image processing; linear regression; medical waste;
   tinyml
ID bins; hospital data processing; medical image processing; multiple linear
   regression; automated assessment; fill ratios; hospital wastes; images
   processing; infection control; management control; medical waste management;
   medical wastes; tinyml; waste bins; waste management

---

UT 889
AR Luong D, 2024, INT CONF ADV TECHNOL COMMUN, P209, DOI
   10.1109/ATC63255.2024.10908303
TI TinyML-Based System for Cost-Effective ECG Rhythm Classification on Embedded
   Device
AU Luong D; Quang BN; Nguyen L; Ngoc MN
TC 1
SO INT CONF ADV TECHNOL COMMUN
PY 2024
AB Machine learning is expected to significantly improve medical care by
   utilizing algorithms that detect cardiac arrhythmia.  This study focuses on
   developing a TinyML-based system that conducts real-time local monitoring
   and classification of five-class electrocardiography (ECG) rhythms using a
   microcontroller.  The system incorporates pre-processing techniques,
   including ECG signal extraction and P-, R-, and S-wave feature extraction,
   combined with a 2-input deep learning model that uses large CNN kernels and
   DNN architecture.  The experimental results for the MIT-BIH dataset with the
   quantized model achieved an accuracy of approximately 97.34% and an F1-score
   of 0.96, with a model size of 143 KB. The prototype device was capable of
   real-time operation and tracked the number of abnormal ECG signals over
   extended periods.  Furthermore, it logs the occurrence of abnormal signals,
   which can be used for further analyses.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cardiovascular diseases; ecg; health monitoring; machine learning; tinyml
ID cardiology; diseases; electrocardiography; electronic health record; image
   coding; seismic waves; cardiac arrhythmia; cardiovascular disease; cost
   effective; ecg; embedded device; health monitoring; local monitoring;
   machine learning; real- time; tinyml; shear waves

---

UT 890
AR Armanda D-M, 2024, E-HEALTH BIOENG CONF EHB, DOI
   10.1109/EHB64556.2024.10805739
TI Skin Cancer Detection Using Constrained Neural Networks and the Development
   of an Optimized Technical Infrastructure for Resource-Efficient Diagnosis
AU Armanda D-M; Cococi A-G; Dogaru I; Dogaru R
TC 1
SO E-HEALTH BIOENG CONF EHB
PY 2024
AB This work addresses the challenge of detecting skin cancer from
   dermatological images using artificial intelligence.  The focus is on
   exploring the potential of lightweight convolutional neural networks to
   develop efficient diagnostic tools that can function on portable, resource-
   constrained devices, ensuring accessibility for medical personnel.  A
   comparison of several TinyML models is presented, considering both
   diagnostic accuracy and computational demands.  Some recently introduced
   models (V-CNN and VRES-CNN) were evaluated against the well-established
   EfficientNet or ResNet and the results indicated certain advantages for the
   recent models.  Particularly, a quantization technique applied to V-CNN and
   VRES-CNN was found to further reduce their complexity while maintaining a
   high accuracy of over 98,5% for the best model.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cnn; constrained resources; edge ai; skin cancer detection; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; lung cancer; cancer detection; constrained
   resources; dermatological images; edge ai; neural networks; resource-
   efficient; skin cancer detection; skin cancers; technical infrastructure;
   tinyml; diseases

---

UT 899
AR Amaral M, 2024, SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT, DOI
   10.1109/SIoT63830.2024.10780490
TI TinyML Implementation and Optimization for Fuel Type Classification on OBD-
   II Edge Device
AU Amaral M; Medeiros M; Andrade M; Flores T; Silva M; Silva I
TC 1
SO SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT
PY 2024
AB Global concern over climate change has spurred a demand for precise methods
   to quantify Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions in the transportation sector,
   where emissions from fossil fuel use are significant.  Conventional methods
   for determining vehicle fuel types often rely on manual and declarative
   processes, introducing inaccuracies that hinder efficient environmental
   policy implementation and the creation of reliable carbon inventories.
   Therefore, this article proposes a machine learning-based approach for the
   automated identification of vehicle fuel types, utilizing data collected
   from vehicle sensors and the Random Forest technique implemented in TinyML.
   This approach, with its practicality and potential to be implemented in a
   wide range of vehicles, offers a promising solution to the industry's need
   for accurate carbon inventories.  Additionally, a case study was conducted
   using the OBD-II Edge Freematics ONE+ device, enabling real-Time data
   collection and machine learning model execution directly on the device.  The
   study evaluated the model's accuracy in a real-world scenario.  The approach
   demonstrated high precision rates in identifying fuel types, underscoring
   the viability of TinyML for classification applications in resource-
   constrained embedded devices.  The findings suggest that this approach can
   contribute to environmental management in the transportation sector by
   facilitating the development of precise carbon inventories and supporting
   effective emission reduction policies.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE carbon inventory; classification models; environmental management; internet
   of things ( iot ); tinyml
ID carbon sequestration; direct air capture; emission control; greenhouse gas
   emissions; kyoto protocol; low emission; zero-carbon; carbon inventories;
   classification models; fuel types; implementation and optimization; internet
   of thing; precise method; tinyml; transportation sector; type
   classifications; vehicle fuels; carbon capture and utilization

---

UT 920
AR Cong DL, 2024, INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB, P362, DOI
   10.1109/ATiGB63471.2024.10717767
TI Real-Time Fan Anomaly Detection Using Embedded Machine Learning
AU Cong DL; Quang BN; Thanh LH; Cao DT; Trung HN; Ngoc MN
TC 1
SO INT CONF APPL TECHNOL GREEN BUILD ATIGB
PY 2024
AB Currently, detecting anomalies in electrical devices, particularly electric
   fans, is crucial.  Ensuring the stable operation of industrial electric fans
   helps early prevention of electronic system failures, thereby saving repair
   costs before the issues become more severe.  This study has developed an
   early fault detection method for industrial electric fans using machine
   learning techniques, which can be deployed on resource-limited embedded
   devices.  The proposed system monitors vibration and current consumption
   through accelerometers and sensors, employing a machine-learning model to
   evaluate anomalies.  Unlike conventional machine learning models, the
   results show that applying Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) and Deep
   Neural Networks (DNN) significantly increases accuracy without requiring
   extensive feature extraction.  Additionally, due to the lack of data on
   abnormal and normal states, we created a fan model in the laboratory to
   collect data for up to 7 hours.  The trained model achieved an accuracy of
   98.3% with six labels, Fan On, Fan Off, Fan Tapping, Fan Broken Wings, Fan
   Stuck, and Fan Unstable, on the self-collected dataset.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; cnn; dnn; embedded machine learning ( ml ); real-time
   fan; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; electric fault location; anomaly detection;
   convolutional neural network; electric fans; embedded machine learning;
   embedded machines; machine learning; neural networks; real-time fan; real-
   time; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 925
AR Gimenez NL, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P510, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00061
TI Demo: Edge Federated Learning over a LoRa Mesh Network
AU Gimenez NL; Freitag F; Navarro L; Selimi M
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB Training machine learning models in resource-constrained edge devices using
   federated learning is not yet deeply explored by the research community.
   There are important technical challenges, such as the limited computing
   capacity of microcontrollers, and the restricted network connectivity and
   bandwidth of IoT environments to coordinate and execute the federated
   learning process.  In this paper, we demonstrate a prototype implementation
   of a federated learning model trained over a LoRa mesh network.  We leverage
   the LoRaMesher library to provide the LoRa mesh network service and
   integrate it into a keyword spotting federated learning application that
   runs on a microcontroller-based IoT board.  The experimentation with the
   prototype demonstrates the recent vision of providing edge intelligence with
   low-capacity networked adaptive microcontroller-based nodes.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; mesh networking;
   microcontrollers; computing capacity; iot; machine learning models; machine
   learning; meshnetworks; microcontroller-based; research communities;
   technical challenges; tinyml; training machines; federated learning

---

UT 928
AR Durgam LK, 2024, J SIGNAL PROCESS SYST, V96, P569, DOI
   10.1007/s11265-024-01929-4
TI Age Estimation from Speech Using Tuned CNN Model on Edge Devices
AU Durgam LK; Jatoth RK
TC 1
SO J SIGNAL PROCESS SYST
PY 2024
AB The speaker’s emotions, age, and gender have all been ascertained through
   imaginative investigation.  This information can be applied to
   communications, common applications like biometric identification and human-
   machine interactions.  The Edge Impulse framework employs a tiny model that
   has been trained to identify the speaker’s age based on speech attributes.
   As a result, a speaker’s age can be inferred from their voice.  With the
   help of an external microphone connected to the Jetson Nano and the MP34DT05
   digital microphone on the Arduino Nano BLE 33 device.  It is possible to
   record and determine a person’s age from their speech in real-time
   applications.  Making an effective human-machine interface for practical
   applications is speech recognition’s fundamental goal.  The Arduino Nano BLE
   33 has an integrated RGB LED that enables it to determine a speaker’s age
   and determine if they are a child or an adult.  A red led will be used to
   signify a child speaker, while a blue led will be used to identify an adult
   speaker.  The proposed tuned deep convolution neural networks outperform the
   more commonly used convolutional neural networks in tests compared to
   training data.The proposed tuned 1D CNN with MFCC speech features are
   outperforming compared to existing traditional methods.  The Nvidia Jetson
   Nano and Nano BLE 33 Microcontrollers are ideal for applications needing
   speaker age detection because of their low power consumption, ease of use,
   small size, and excellent computational performance.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media, LLC, part of Springer
   Nature 2024.
DE age identification; convolutional neural networks; edge impulse; speech
   recognition; tinyml
ID biometrics; convolution; convolutional neural networks; deep neural
   networks; edge detection; speech recognition; age estimation; age
   identification; age-based; biometric identifications; cnn models;
   convolutional neural network; digital microphones; edge impulse; human
   machine interaction; tinyml; microphones

---

UT 938
AR Adhikary S, 2024, SMART HEAL, V34, DOI 10.1016/j.smhl.2024.100515
TI TinyBioGait—Embedded intelligence and homologous time approximation warping
   for gait biometric authentication from IMU signals
AU Adhikary S; Biswas S; Ghosh A/1; Nandi S
TC 1
SO SMART HEAL
PY 2024
AB The gait of a subject follows a specific pattern, but variations exist that
   are unique to a subject but contrasting to other subjects.  This can be
   utilized for biometric authentication to prevent impersonation during gait
   studies.  However, due to the dynamic nature of gait, like changes in gait
   speed while walking, gait biometric authentications are challenging.  In the
   state-of-the-art, although attempts have been made to use deep learning and
   other signal processing methods for biometric authentication, which obtained
   reliable results, these are either highly resource-consuming, require
   several sensors or need an expensive framework, making it challenging to
   implement this in many scenarios.  Therefore, a knowledge gap exists to
   build a reliable, inexpensive and resource-efficient gait biometric
   authentication system.  The paper proposes a method for using only one
   embedded IMU sensor with a microcontroller for tracking the motion of a
   subject, resource-efficient on-device elimination of the gait speed
   differences by proposing a homologous time approximation warping algorithm
   and building a resource-efficient TinyML model for reliable biometric
   authentication.  Based on an experiment consisting of 20 human subjects with
   consent, the microcontroller's on-device accuracy score for decision-making
   by TinyML was found to be 0.9276. The resource efficiency of the model based
   on memory profiling has been further discussed.  Also, the prediction
   performance of the microcontroller with the proposed optimization was found
   to be only 8% slower compared to a personal computer, given that several
   thousands of processes run parallel on a personal computer.  The work needs
   to be further tested for a larger sample space, and data privacy needs to be
   addressed.  © 2024 Elsevier Inc.
DE biomedical signal processing; deep neural networks; embedded intelligence;
   gait; tinyml
ID adult; algorithm; article; artificial intelligence; autoencoder; biometry;
   calibration; classification; clinical article; convolution algorithm; deep
   learning; dynamic time warping; female; gait; geographic distribution;
   gyroscope sensor; human; human experiment; information processing;
   intelligence; knowledge gap; machine learning; male; normal human; signal
   processing; sternum; walking speed

---

UT 948
AR Neto A, 2024, INT CONF INTELL SYST APPL POWER SYST ISAP, DOI
   10.1109/ISAP63260.2024.10744280
TI Virtual Sensor for Door Opening Detection and Anomaly Detection Using
   Machine Learning
AU Neto A; Gomes L; Vale Z
TC 1
SO INT CONF INTELL SYST APPL POWER SYST ISAP
PY 2024
AB Currently, several studies are being developed using machine Learning with
   the aim of replacing real sensors with virtual sensors.  One of the biggest
   challenges is obtaining quality data to enable the system modeling.  This
   article proposes the replacement of a light dependent resistor sensor,
   applied to a refrigerator, which detects whether the door is open or closed
   and an anomaly test when the door is forgotten open for too long.  The use
   of tiny machine learning is applied to ESP32 to enable the use of regression
   and classification models to detect the door opening and anomaly.  The
   tested metrics for the regression were the root mean squared error.  The
   comparative results between the virtual and real sensors are satisfactory
   with an accuracy of 99.59% for classification and a root mean squared error
   value of 0.01 for regression.  Furthermore, a prototype was developed, and
   the model was embedded in the ESP32 microcontroller.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE intelligent devices; internet of things; tiny machine learning; virtual
   sensors
ID contrastive learning; federated learning; mean square error; anomaly
   detection; door openings; intelligent devices; machine learning; opening
   detections; quality data; root mean squared errors; system models; tiny
   machine learning; virtual sensor; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 953
AR Yelchuri H, 2024, INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS, P294, DOI
   10.1109/COMSNETS59351.2024.10427034
TI SmartSV: Real-Time Solenoid Valve Diagnosis at Embedded Edge-Level
AU Yelchuri H; Godkhindi S; Prajwal BN; Shastry V; Prabhakar TV
TC 1
SO INT CONF COMMUN SYST NETWORKS COMSNETS
PY 2024
AB In industrial process automation, sensors, controllers, and actuators are
   expected to be healthy throughout, so that production lines are working
   under pre-defined conditions.  When these systems malfunction, alerts have
   to be generated in real-time to make sure production quality is not
   compromised and also the safety of humans and equipment is assured.  In this
   work, we describe the construction of SmartSV, a smart real-time edge-based
   system, which monitors the health of a Solenoid Valve (SV). SmartSV is
   compact, low power, easy to install, and cost-effective.  It has data
   fidelity and measurement accuracy comparable to signals captured using high-
   end equipment.  SmartSV runs TinyML and is able to differentiate between the
   distinct types of faults.  These faults include: (a) Spool stuck (b) Spring
   failure and (c) Under voltage.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE fault diagnosis; solenoid valve ( sv ); tinyml
ID cost effectiveness; real-time systems; solenoids; condition; faults
   diagnosis; industrial processs; process actuators; process automation;
   process sensor; production line; real- time; solenoid valve; tinyml;
   solenoid valves

---

UT 955
AR Jang S, 2024, BODYSYS - PROC WORK BODY-CENTRIC COMPUT SYST, P17, DOI
   10.1145/3662009.3662020
TI Thermal Characterization of AI Applications on AI Accelerators-equipped
   Microcontrollers
AU Jang S; Kawsar F; Min C
TC 1
SO BODYSYS - PROC WORK BODY-CENTRIC COMPUT SYST
PY 2024
AB We investigate the thermal characteristics of tiny ML devices with AI
   accelerators, to understand the thermal impact on wearable devices.  We
   identify the unique characteristics of temperature measurement, temporal and
   spatial temperature variation, define two novel temperature metrics,
   saturation temperature and rate, and report these metrics for each compute
   component.  For the analysis, we conduct various benchmarks and evaluate the
   thermal profiles of different AI applications and tasks.  The results and
   insights lay an empirical foundation for the development of heat-safe
   wearable hardware.  © 2024 ACM.
DE ai accelerator; thermal measurement; tinyml
ID microcontrollers; temperature measurement; wearable technology; ai
   accelerator; ai applications; characteristic of temperatures; temporal and
   spatial; thermal characteristics; thermal characterization; thermal impacts;
   thermal measurements; tinyml; wearable devices; benchmarking

---

UT 959
AR Martinez D, 2024, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V15016 LNCS, P18, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-72332-2_2
TI Nullspace-Based Metric for Classification of Dynamical Systems and Sensors
AU Martinez D; Boutayeb M
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2024
AB A growing field in machine learning is to develop computationally friendly
   algorithms optimized for classification of sensor data at the edge.  As many
   sensors respond to different stimuli with different dynamics, the sensor
   dynamics may provide valuable information for classification.  The problem
   of determining which of the dynamics has generated a particular observation
   vector is refered to as a multiclass discrimination problem.  A
   discriminative metric can be computed in a Kronecker space provided the
   different dynamics are represented with state-space models having distinct
   observability matrices.  In this paper, we express the metric in original
   space rather than in Kronecker space.  One of the main contributions is to
   show theoretically that the metric for a given system is provided by the
   norm of the matrix-vector product between the left nullspace of the
   observability matrix and the observation vector.  In practice, when the
   system is unknown and noisy, an “approximate” nullspace is obtained with a
   data-driven approach using eigenvalue or singular value decomposition.  We
   tested the classifier on synthetic and real datasets.  Results demonstrate
   the applicability of the method.  The new formulation of the metric in
   original space leads to a classifier with reduced complexity so that
   learning can be implemented with a few lines of code.  This low complexity
   is suitable for machine learning on low-cost, low-power, and resource-
   constrained devices like smartphones and sensors.  © The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE classification; dynamical systems; edge computing; machine learning;
   nullspace; observability; state space models; time series; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; edge computing; intelligent systems; machine
   learning; matrix algebra; observability; state space methods; vector spaces;
   edge computing; kronecker; machine learning; null space; observability
   matrix; observation vectors; sensors data; state space models; times series;
   tinyml; eigenvalues and eigenfunctions

---

UT 963
AR Chaudhari BS, 2024, TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS, P1, DOI
   10.1016/B978-0-44-322202-3.00006-3
TI TinyML for low-power Internet of Things
AU Chaudhari BS; Ghorpade SN; Zennaro M; Paškauskas R
TC 1
SO TINYML EDGE INTELL IOT LPWAN NETWORKS
PY 2024
AB As global technological landscape shifts towards miniaturized, intelligent,
   and softwarized electronic hardware, deployment of machine learning (ML)
   models on low-power IoT nodes is a critical requirement for sustainable
   solutions.  With advancements in Edge AI, a new paradigm known as Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) allows running low-complex ML models on resource-
   constrained nodes.  TinyML facilitates operation of optimized ML models and
   provides basic data analytics and local decision-making capabilities,
   resulting reduction in reduced latency, network traffic, and energy
   consumption while enhancing data security and privacy.  This chapter
   outlines the developments in IoT/LPWANs and their applications,
   requirements, and how TinyML can be useful in such networks and
   applications.  © 2024 by Elsevier Inc.  All rights reserved, including those
   for text and data mining, AI training, and similar technologies.
DE edge ai; energy efficiency; iot; machine learning; tinyml

---

UT 965
AR Pau D, 2024, IEEE ZOOMING INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL CONF ZINC, P66, DOI
   10.1109/ZINC61849.2024.10579289
TI Visual Monitoring of Mice Wellness by Tiny Detectors
AU Pau D; Garzola M; Guirges B
TC 1
SO IEEE ZOOMING INNOV CONSUM TECHNOL CONF ZINC
PY 2024
AB Welfare of animals is nowadays very important, especially for the ones, such
   as mice, employed in pre-cilincal medical research.  The monitoring of their
   wellness is matter of strong attention and calls for automated analytical
   procedures.  Classification, detection and key behavioural indexes of their
   quality life and associated well-being evaluations are currently attracting
   attention and efforts both from research community and the industry one.  In
   this context, this work focused on studying visual object detection
   approaches, to be deployed on tiny micro-controllers, in order to achieve
   massive scalability at the edge, for example for mice tracking within
   laboratory cages, in which they live.  To develop that, the usage of tiny
   artificial neural networks was considered mandatory.  The results were
   achieved through the study of state of art neural architectures, followed by
   their optimizations for tiny micro-controllers, including post training
   quantization and finally deploying the models on these tiny hardware
   targets.  The final evaluation and model selection had been conducted
   considering both the accuracy and the performance achieved in terms of
   processing rate of the images and memory consumption on the target.  The
   results shown that "YOLOv5-fpn_175K"achieved 3.03 frames per second with a
   mAP(IoU=0.50:0.95) of 0.707, and be deployable on a off-The-shelf micro-
   controller requiring 0.74 MB of RAM and 0.35 MB of FLASH. © 2024 IEEE.
DE mice wellness; microcontrollers; object detection; tinyml; visual remote
   monitoring
ID controllers; mammals; microcontrollers; neural networks; object recognition;
   quality control; random access storage; analytical procedure; medical
   research; microcontroller; mouse wellness; objects detection; quality life;
   remote monitoring; tinyml; visual monitoring; visual remote monitoring;
   object detection

---

UT 970
AR Ng KY, 2024, PROC IEEE SENS, DOI 10.1109/SENSORS60989.2024.10784765
TI High-Precision Prediction of NOx, NO2 and C6H6 by Multiple Gas Sensors Using
   a Novel Cascaded MLP-LSTM Model
AU Ng KY; Ngo DT; Chao PC-P; Horng RH; Shieh J-M
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE SENS
PY 2024
AB Gas sensing applications provide real-time, accurate monitoring crucial for
   public health and environmental sustain ability, especially outdoors.
   Outdoor gas sensing faces challenges from sensor distortions due to
   temperature, humidity, and cross-sensitivity interference.  This study
   employs a sensor array with a machine learning algorithm that combines a
   Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) with a Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model,
   tailored for edge applications to compensate for cross-sensitivity and
   temperature-humidity variations.  The features of MLP stacked with LSTM
   highlight the breakthrough growth of such network models in gas
   concentration estimation.  In the Experimental results showed significant
   improvement in gas estimation accuracy with the proposed MLP-LSTM model,
   achieving R2 values of 0.812, 0.803, 0.644, and 0.997 for CO, NOx, N02, and
   C6H6, respectively.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE air pollution; gas concentrations estimation; gas sensor array; tiny machine
   learning
ID chemical sensors; gas detectors; humidity sensors; kyoto protocol; phase
   locked loops; concentration estimations; gas concentration; gas
   concentration estimation; gas sensor arrays; machine learning; memory
   modeling; multilayers perceptrons; short-term memory; temperature/
   humidities; tiny machine learning; nitrogen oxides

---

UT 977
AR Henaien A, 2024, INT WIREL COMMUN MOB COMPUT CONF IWCMC, P1583, DOI
   10.1109/IWCMC61514.2024.10592456
TI TinyML enabled smart parking dynamic slots computing and license plate
   recognition
AU Henaien A; Elhadj HB; Fourati LC
TC 1
SO INT WIREL COMMUN MOB COMPUT CONF IWCMC
PY 2024
AB The increasing global automotive fleet brings different adverse effects like
   pollution, congestion, and inefficient land use.  In response, smart parking
   emerges as a multifaceted solution, that significantly enhances urban life
   by increasing time efficiency, boosting revenue generation, and providing a
   framework for better urban planning.  Our system harnesses the capabilities
   of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and IoT cameras to effectively tackle
   urban parking challenges.  Key features encompass accurate license plate
   identification, a reservation mobile app, and real-time slot calculation.
   Our TinyML integration ensures a lightweight and energy-efficient
   implementation, promoting efficiency in resource-constrained environments.
   Results showcase high accuracy in slot computation and license plate
   recognition, signaling a significant stride towards efficient urban living
   with global applicability.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE iot cameras; smart parking; tinyml
ID economics; energy efficiency; internet of things; land use; license plates (
   automobile ); optical character recognition; adverse effect; automotive
   fleet; iot camera; licenses plate recognition; machine learning; revenue
   generation; smart parking; time efficiencies; tiny machine learning; urban
   life; cameras

---

UT 978
AR Ronda JLR, 2024, IEEE REG 10 ANNU INT CONF PROC TENCON, P1746, DOI
   10.1109/TENCON61640.2024.10902942
TI Real-Time Path Hole Detection for Motorcycle Driver Safety Assistance Using
   Faster Object More Object (FOMO) Algorithm
AU Ronda JLR; Pangan IEDG; Nicolas CJA; Sales DJG; Santiago PRA; Galvez RL;
   dela Cruz DR; Mariano OR
TC 1
SO IEEE REG 10 ANNU INT CONF PROC TENCON
PY 2024
AB This paper presents a real-time pothole detection system using the Faster
   Objects, More Objects (FOMO) object detection algorithm deployed on an
   embedded vision camera leveraging TinyML technology.  The system uses the
   TensorFlow Lite Deep Learning framework to train the model on the color
   depth of RGB and grayscale images and evaluate its hyperparameter
   configurations to determine the best-performing pothole detection model.  A
   thorough model analysis and evaluation achieved an F1 score of 81% in both
   the training and testing phases, indicating balanced model prediction
   performance.  Despite current limitations in hardware processing
   specifications, this paper emphasizes the potential of TinyML technology in
   leveraging vision-based road safety features for various applications.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE fomo; machine vision; motorcycle; pothole detection; tinyml
ID automobile drivers; deep learning; machine vision; motor transportation; rgb
   color model; detection system; driver safety assistance; embedded visions;
   fast object more object; hole detection; machine vision; object detection
   algorithms; pothole detection; real- time; tinyml; motorcycles

---

UT 980
AR Ibrahim Qureshi K, 2024, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART INTERNET THINGS
   SMARTIOT, P336, DOI 10.1109/SmartIoT62235.2024.00058
TI Localized Adaptive Channel and Power Selection With TinyML (LACPSA) in Dense
   IEEE 802.11 WLANs
AU Ibrahim Qureshi K; Lu C; Luo R; Ali Lodhi M; Wang L/3
TC 1
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART INTERNET THINGS SMARTIOT
PY 2024
AB In dense IEEE 802.11 WLANs, optimized channel allocation and transmission
   power control are crucial for miti- gating interference and congestion.
   Traditional approaches face significant challenges due to limited channels
   and dynamic traffic patterns.  To address these issues, we propose a novel
   scheme wherein TinyML models are directly integrated into access points
   (APs) for adaptive channel optimization and transmission power control.
   This distributed approach empowers APs to optimize settings autonomously
   based on their local information, reducing reliance on central controllers
   and enhancing scalability.  Leveraging compact TinyML models enables rapid
   decision- making, allowing APs to adapt to network changes promptly.  By
   dynamically adjusting channel optimization and transmission power based on
   signal strength, interference levels, and traffic load, interference can be
   minimized, thereby improving network performance.  Through extensive
   simulations, we demonstrate a significant reduction in interference compared
   to traditional approaches.  Our proposed distributed solution enhances
   network resilience and flexibility, making it more suitable for real-world
   deployment scenarios where conditions change rapidly.  The integration of
   TinyML into the network presents a promising approach for future WLAN
   optimization efforts.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE drl; tinyml; wlans
ID adaptive control systems; adaptive transmission; decision making; electric
   load management; inductive power transmission; traffic congestion; 80211
   wlans; 80211-wlan; access points; channel transmission; drl; tinyml;
   traditional approaches; traditional approachs; transmission power control;
   wlan; wireless local area networks ( wlan )

---

UT 983
AR Cao L, 2024, APCCAS PRIMEASIA - IEEE ASIA PAC CONF CIRCUITS SYST IEEE ASIA
   PAC CONF POSTGR RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PROCEEDING, P631, DOI
   10.1109/APCCAS62602.2024.10808371
TI Cognitive Frailty Classification Models for Older Adults in a Point-of-Care
   System
AU Cao L; Lim YW; Tan MP; Rokhani FZ
TC 1
SO APCCAS PRIMEASIA - IEEE ASIA PAC CONF CIRCUITS SYST IEEE ASIA PAC CONF
   POSTGR RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PROCEEDING
PY 2024
AB Cognitive Frailty (CF) is a prevalent condition among older individuals,
   combining physical frailty with cognitive impairment, with an increased risk
   of adverse health outcomes.  However, the current diagnostic processes for
   CF are often hospital-based and not feasible for all patients, leading to a
   gap in timely and efficient diagnosis.  To address this problem, a Point-of-
   Care (POC) system is proposed by utilizing Lab-on-a-Chip (LOC) technology
   and Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) capabilities on Android devices for
   autonomous blood and urine sample collection and real-time CF assessment.
   In this paper, the feature selection technique for ML-based CF
   classification is also proposed by using several statistical test methods to
   improve the accuracy of the ML model.  The results demonstrate significant
   improvements in the accuracy of CF classification through advanced machine
   learning models, achieving over 70% accuracy in key models such as Linear
   Discriminant Analysis (LDA), Gaussian Naive Bayes (GNB), and Support Vector
   Machines (SVM). This innovative system enhances accessibility and efficiency
   in diagnosing CF, benefiting older individuals in remote or resource-limited
   environments.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE blood and urine samples; cognitive frailty; machine learning; point-of-care
   system; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; diagnosis; blood and urine samples; classification
   models; cognitive frailty; cognitive impairment; condition; machine
   learning; older adults; point-of-care systems; tiny machine learning;
   support vector machines

---

UT 987
AR Demagh L, 2024, PROC IEEE SENS, DOI 10.1109/SENSORS60989.2024.10784905
TI SensOL: Memory-Efficient Online Learning for Tiny MCUs
AU Demagh L; Garda P; Gilbert C; Hachicha K
TC 1
SO PROC IEEE SENS
PY 2024
AB This paper introduces SensOL, an online learning replay-based approach for
   hardware-limited microcontroller units (MCUs). It addresses two major
   bottlenecks for continuous learning within tiny MCUs: the computational cost
   of learning a new task in real time and the memory requirements for storing
   task exemplars.  Our proposal originally combines the TinyOL approach with a
   memory-efficient replay strategy to refresh old task information during the
   continuous training process.  The memory footprint for storing task
   exemplars is optimized by saving the quantized outputs of the frozen model,
   which are subsequently compressed according to their sparsity level.  We
   evaluated our approach on a realistic online incremental IMU-based transport
   mode learning scenario.  The SensOL approach demonstrated a 115x lower
   memory footprint for storing the compressed task exemplars compared to
   storing them in their original format.  Finally, we estimated the on-device
   training time to update the weights/biases and achieved a time of 1 ms
   within an STM32L476JGY microcontroller based on an Arm Cortex-M4 processor
   operating at 80 MHz.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE online learning; tinyml; transport mode detection; wearable smart sensing
ID arm processors; memory efficient; memory footprint; microcontroller unit;
   mode detection; online learning; smart sensing; tinyml; transport mode
   detection; transport modes; wearable smart sensing; microcontrollers

---

UT 994
AR Stefanidis V-A, 2024, INT CONF INTELL SYST APPL IISA, DOI
   10.1109/IISA62523.2024.10786719
TI Federated Learning in Multi Clouds and resources constraint devices at the
   Edge
AU Stefanidis V-A; Verginadis Y; Mentzas G
TC 1
SO INT CONF INTELL SYST APPL IISA
PY 2024
AB Cloud computing has been an ordinary and widely used method for processing
   data that is produced at the edge in a centralized manner.  Nowadays, there
   is consent on the value of altering this traditional approach and trying to
   offload processing tasks as close to the edge as possible.  For this reason,
   the distributed machine learning method, the so-called Federated Learning
   (FL) is introduced with emphasis on Multi Cloud Edge environments.  These
   kinds of distributed architectures are valuable assets in terms of efficient
   resource management while predictions can be used for further enhancing this
   efficiency by introducing proactive adaptation capabilities for the
   distributed applications.  In this paper, we focus on deep learning local
   loss functions in multi-cloud environments and apply a federated learning
   distributed algorithm that enhances the forecasting accuracy.  This
   enhancement is introduced by applying Inference in resources constrained
   edge environments, with Tiny Machine Learning methods.  Additionally, two
   methods are also applied during the distributed training process that
   enhance the FL approach and increase the prediction accuracy in application
   and resources monitoring metrics.  We evaluate our approach by presenting
   experimental results using various datasets that concern infrastructure
   resources consumptions.  These results demonstrate in most of the cases a
   significant increase in the prediction accuracy of resource consumption
   values of time-series data while reducing the resources (i.e., disk and
   execution time) requirements during the machine learning training process.
   All the above facts confirm the benefits of our innovative approach.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE federated learning; multi-cloud; prediction accuracy; tiny machine learning
ID adversarial machine learning; distributed cloud; cloud computing; machine
   learning methods; machine learning; multi-clouds; multi-resource; prediction
   accuracy; resource constraint devices; resources consumption; tiny machine
   learning; training process; federated learning

---

UT 506
AR Vinod KS, 2024, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1261 LNEE, P159, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-7616-0_12
TI Image Classifier Using Resource-Constrained Device and Tiny Machine Learning
AU Vinod KS; Kanmani Ruby ED
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB Image classification is one of the main parts of computer vision, which is
   important in applications like self-driving automotives/vehicle systems.
   While working with image/video data it needs huge amount of resources
   including computing power, graphic processing units (GPU), memory, high end
   CPUs, etc.  We can use the small microcontrollers to do the same task, by
   using high-end machines for training and building the model and converting
   the model so that they fit into microcontroller unit, by using the method
   called Transfer Learning.  In our work, we use Arduino nano 33 BLE sense and
   OV7675 camera module and online machine learning framework called Edge
   impulse for building the model.  It is found that our tiny machine learning
   model works well and provides a real-time solution for image classification
   in the resource-constrained scenario.  The experimental results show that
   the image classifier is performing with around 100% accuracy and so has got
   a wide scope in real-time classification applications.  © The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2024.
DE image classifier; resource-constrained device; tinyml; transfer learning
ID adversarial machine learning; computer graphics equipment; federated
   learning; transfer learning; video recording; automotive vehicle; image
   classifiers; image video data; images classification; machine learning;
   resource-constrained devices; self drivings; tinyml; transfer learning;
   vehicle system; graphics processing unit

---

UT 520
AR Glorioso SM, 2024, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P552, DOI 10.1145/3701571.3703598
TI Optimisation of neural networks for applications based on multimodal data
   fusion running on MCUs and MPUs
AU Glorioso SM
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2024
AB Machine Learning (ML) has made significant progress in recent years, with
   the integration of multimodal data improving the accuracy and reliability of
   systems.  However, implementing these technologies on resource-constrained
   devices presents significant challenges.  The emergence of tiny ML offers a
   promising solution, enabling the efficient and real-time execution of ML
   models on small devices, thus expanding the possibilities for intelligent
   applications in low-power environments.  My PhD project aims to design,
   develop, and optimise neural networks for tiny ML applications that leverage
   multimodal data fusion.  I will deal with optimising neural network
   architectures and with cutting-edge multimodal data acquisition and fusion
   techniques to enable smarter, context-sensitive applications running on
   hardware with limited resources.  © 2024 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE multi-modal data; resource-constrained devices; tinyml; user-adaptive
   interaction
ID adversarial machine learning; data acquisition; data fusion; adaptive
   interaction; machine learning; multi-modal; multi-modal data; multi-modal
   data fusion; neural networks; resource-constrained devices; tiny machine
   learning; user-adaptive; user-adaptive interaction; data accuracy

---

UT 525
AR Crupi L, 2024, SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT, V32 SPAR, P298, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-76424-0_53
TI Fusing Multi-sensor Input with State Information on TinyML Brains
   for Autonomous Nano-drones
AU Crupi L; Cereda E; Palossi D
TC 0
SO SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT
PY 2024
AB Autonomous nano-drones (∼10 cm in diameter), thanks to their ultra-low power
   TinyML-based brains, are capable of coping with real-world environments.
   However, due to their simplified sensors and compute units, they are still
   far from the sense-and-act capabilities shown in their bigger counterparts.
   This system paper presents a novel deep learning-based pipeline that fuses
   multi-sensorial input (i.e., low-resolution images and 8×8 depth map) with
   the robot’s state information to tackle a human pose estimation task.
   Thanks to our design, the proposed system – trained in simulation and tested
   on a real-world dataset – improves a state-unaware State-of-the-Art baseline
   by increasing the R2 regression metric up to 0.10 on the distance’s
   prediction.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2024.
DE autonomous nano-drones; sensor fusion; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; deep learning; microrobots; nanopores;
   nanorobotics; nanorobots; autonomous nano-drone; depthmap; low resolution
   images; multi sensor; real-world environments; sensor fusion; sensor inputs;
   state information; tinyml; ultra-low power; drones

---

UT 534
AR Hanifa M, 2024, INT CONF CYBER SECUR COMPUT CYBERCOMP, P68, DOI
   10.1109/CyberComp60759.2024.10913617
TI Intrusion Detection System for Cyber-attacks in the Internet of Vehicles
   (IoV) Environment
AU Hanifa M; Zubair HT
TC 0
SO INT CONF CYBER SECUR COMPUT CYBERCOMP
PY 2024
AB This report presents the development of an Intrusion Detection System (IDS)
   designed to detect cyber-attacks in an Internet of Vehicles (IoV)
   environment.  The IDS employs machine learning techniques, specifically
   Support Vector Machines (SVM), and is implemented on two low-memory, low-
   speed microcontroller systems connected to a CAN bus.  The model is trained
   on real-world data, sourced from a publicly available dataset collected from
   a Hyundai Avante CN7, using Python-based tools on a computer.  The resulting
   coefficients and biases are extracted and embedded into a C program, which
   runs on the microcontrollers.  The final implementation achieved an accuracy
   of 83%, with a precision of 97% and a recall of 68%. © 2024 IEEE.
DE classification; ids; iov; machine learning; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; c ( programming language ); computer viruses;
   cyber-attacks; intrusion detection; network intrusion; support vector
   machines; cyber-attacks; internet of vehicle; intrusion detection systems;
   low memory; low speed; machine learning techniques; machine learning;
   microcontroller systems; support vectors machine; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 565
AR Ibegbu C, 2024, IEEE INT CONF ADAPT SCI TECHNOL ICAST, DOI
   10.1109/ICAST61769.2024.10856464
TI TinyML for the Detection of Plant Diseases in Resource-Constrained Areas
   within West Africa
AU Ibegbu C; Korsah GA
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ADAPT SCI TECHNOL ICAST
PY 2024
AB Most of West Africa's rural farmers do not have access to smartphones, a
   stable internet connection or stable electricity - additionally, they often
   have low English proficiency and technological competency.  Subsistence
   farmers in the Akuapim-South Municipal Assembly of Ghana face the same
   reality but have the added problem of limited access to agricultural
   extension agents who provide plant disease identification services.  While
   many technological solutions to plant disease identification exist, they are
   cloud-based and, thus, require resources not accessible to a rural farmer in
   this population.  This study investigates the use of Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML), a subset of machine learning that is focused on deployment to
   microcontrollers and hence facilitates low latency, low power, low cost, and
   high privacy computing.  While this technology has been proven comparable to
   cloud-based Machine Learning, there is a lack of research regarding its
   applicability to both the area of plant disease identification and the West
   African context.  To fill this gap, this study develops a TinyML-based
   system and compares it to an existing cloud-based plant disease
   identification mobile app.  The results of this study suggest TinyML has
   promising performance although it falls short of the performance of the
   cloud-based solution in this study.  A significant advantage of the TinyML
   system is on-device inference without the need for internet connectivity.
   Going forward, a combination of cloud-based model training and on-device
   inference is suggested as the most suitable ML setup to address this problem
   for this population.  This study also identifies some areas for improvement
   and further research, such as the creation of a context-specific dataset,
   expanded experiment scope, and the use of alternative TinyML development
   platforms.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE on-device inference; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; smart agriculture; a-stable; cloud-based;
   internet connection; machine learning; on-device inference; performance;
   plant disease; smart phones; tiny machine learning; west africa; cloud
   platforms

---

UT 577
AR Mukhopadhyay S/1, 2024, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENSORS SYST,
   P484, DOI 10.1145/3625687.3628393
TI Demo Abstract: Lightweight Attention Network for Time Series Classification
   on Edge
AU Mukhopadhyay S/1; Dey S; Pal A; Ashwin S
TC 0
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENSORS SYST
PY 2024
AB In this work, we present a lightweight attention network to perform Time
   Series Classification on Edge devices.  We evaluate the merit of our system
   on a Human Activity Recognition dataset and show the demonstration with the
   help of a Wearable device (Smartwatch) with IMU sensors.  © 2023 Copyright
   is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE edge computing; time series classification; tinyml; wearable sensing
ID time series; wearable technology; edge computing; human activity
   recognition; time series classifications; tinyml; wearable devices; wearable
   sensing; edge computing

---

UT 582
AR Nana Gookyi DA, 2024, IEEE INT CONF ADAPT SCI TECHNOL ICAST, DOI
   10.1109/ICAST61769.2024.10856468
TI Power Efficient Non-Mechanical Weather Station: Harnessing TinyML for
   Rainfall Classification and Environmental Sensing
AU Nana Gookyi DA; Wulnye FA; Ahiadormey RK; Wilson M; Barimah YT; Danquah P
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF ADAPT SCI TECHNOL ICAST
PY 2024
AB In response to the pressing need for accurate and cost-effective weather
   monitoring in agricultural settings, this paper presents a next-generation
   Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) smart weather station.  Leveraging TinyML
   technology, this work offers real-time classification of rainfall intensity
   using audio signals.  Through meticulous data collection, preprocessing, and
   feature extraction, coupled with a well-designed 1D Convolutional Neural
   Network (CNN) architecture, the TinyML model achieves an accuracy of 98.967%
   while maintaining low computational and memory requirements.  Deployed on
   the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense, the weather station provides farmers with
   essential weather data for informed decision-making, contributing to
   enhanced agricultural productivity and resilience.  With a focus on power
   optimization, this work ensures prolonged operation without frequent battery
   replacements, making it suitable for deployment in remote or resource-
   limited environments.  This paper details the development process, model
   architecture, deployment strategy, and evaluation results, highlighting the
   potential impact on weather monitoring practices in agricultural contexts.
   © 2024 IEEE.
DE agriculture; arduino nano 33 ble sense; cnn; rainfall classification; tinyml
ID agricultural robots; convolutional neural networks; decision making;
   fertilizers; smart agriculture; arduino nano 33 ble sense; convolutional
   neural network; environmental sensing; machine learning; mechanical; power
   efficient; rainfall classification; tiny machine learning; weather
   monitoring; weather stations; rain

---

UT 584
AR Xu F, 2024, IEEE INT CONF IND INFORMATICS (INDIN), DOI
   10.1109/INDIN58382.2024.10774465
TI TinyMLEdge: A Workflow for Deploying TinyML Models in Industrial Edge
   Devices
AU Xu F
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF IND INFORMATICS (INDIN)
PY 2024
AB In the current machine learning landscape, numerous algorithms and new
   models continuously emerge, demonstrating impressive capabilities across
   various tasks.  However, models specifically tailored for particular
   environments remain limited.  Despite their powerful performance, models
   like YOLO encounter challenges in small object detection and require
   substantial adjustments for different datasets and tasks.  Furthermore,
   their extensive parameters make them difficult to deploy on edge devices.
   Addressing these issues, TinyMLEdge is proposed as a workflow designed to
   facilitate the deployment of embedded TinyML models in specialized
   industrial edge devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge devices; industrial applications; model deployment; object detection;
   tinyml
ID object recognition; current; edge device; machine learning; model
   deployment; objects detection; performance modeling; small object detection;
   tinyml; work-flows; object detection

---

UT 588
AR Nguyen V-K, 2024, INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI INFORMATICS, P75, DOI
   10.1109/EECSI63442.2024.10776238
TI Real-Time Water Meter Reading Based on TinyML
AU Nguyen V-K; Pham H; Tran V-K; Nguyen M; Nguyen C-N; Thai B-T; Bao TQ
TC 0
SO INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI INFORMATICS
PY 2024
AB This paper proposes a system that automatically reads the value of the water
   meter using a tiny machine learning model (tinyML) running directly on the
   ESP32-CAM kit.  A convolutional neural network (CNN)-based tinyML model is
   recommended to recognize meter digits before estimating a value.  The digit
   recognition machine learning (ML) models were trained using three datasets
   generated from this study, including a grayscale image set, a contrast-
   enhanced image set using the HE algorithm, and a binary image set using the
   threshold determined by the adaptive threshold (AT) algorithm to find the
   matching set of images.  The experimental results show that the proposed
   classification model with the input gray image and contrast-enhanced image
   gives the best accuracy of 98.3%, and the estimated speed is approximately 3
   times per second.  This accuracy is approximate compared to the previous
   study; however, the image data processing solution in this study provides
   roughly 10 times faster estimation time.  Furthermore, the study shows that
   gray images should be used directly for the digit classification problem
   instead of being contrast-enhanced or converted to binary Image.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE esp32 cam; gray scale image; meter reading; tiny machine learning
ID binary images; cams; contrastive learning; image enhancement; image
   matching; contrast-enhanced images; esp32 cam; gray image; gray scale
   images; images sets; machine learning models; machine learning; meter
   readings; real- time; tiny machine learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 591
AR Ibrahim A, 2024, IEEE INT CONF SMART SYST POWER MANAG IC2SPM, P80, DOI
   10.1109/IC2SPM62723.2024.10841332
TI TinyML System for Touch Modality Classification Based on Multisensory Glove
AU Ibrahim A; Yaacoub M; Al Youssef H
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF SMART SYST POWER MANAG IC2SPM
PY 2024
AB This paper presents a TinyML system based on a multisensory glove for touch
   modality classification.  It employs a glove equipped with five tactile
   sensors and five IMUs to collect a dataset for five different touch
   modalities used to train a neural network classifier based on a one-
   dimensional convolution neural network (1-D CNN). Classification accuracy
   demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed model achieving an accuracy
   of 100% and 98% when float32 and int8 data representation were used
   respectively.  Moreover, the proposed 1-D CNN model is deployed for the low-
   cost STM32 F401-RE for real-time classification.  Hardware evaluation
   results demonstrate that the system achieves a low energy consumption of
   0.636 mJ for int8 with a latency of 1.125 ms.  The system paves the way
   toward intelligent and energy-autonomous wearable systems.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE low energy consumption; multisensory wearable glove; tinyml; touch modality
   classification
ID image processing; intelligent systems; wearable sensors; classification
   accuracy; convolution neural network; low energy-consumption; multisensory;
   multisensory wearable glove; neural networks classifiers; one-dimensional;
   tactile sensors; tinyml; touch modality classification; convolutional neural
   networks

---

UT 599
AR Hollingsworth K, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P449, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00051
TI An Analysis of Network Overhead in Distributed TinyML
AU Hollingsworth K; Nian S; Gutierrez A; Padmanabhan A
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB This paper presents an implementation of a distributed TinyML system and an
   analysis of the network overhead in communication between devices.  We use a
   pipelined approach, where each device computes a portion of the layers and
   sends intermediates to the next device.  Our results show that the
   communication overhead strongly dominates, taking over five times longer
   than computation time.  We present possible solutions to mitigate this
   overhead, including smart partitioning of models, optimizing device
   placement and signal strength, and alternate wireless protocols such as
   WiFi.  These strategies aim to make the deployment of several TinyML devices
   working together a more practical scenario.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE distributed systems; tinyml
ID network layers; wi-fi; wireless local area networks ( wlan ); communication
   overheads; computation time; distributed systems; model optimizing; network
   overhead; signal strengths; tinyml; wireless protocol

---

UT 603
AR Santiago PRA, 2024, LECT NOTES MECH ENG, P129, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-6523-6_10
TI Waveform Tracker Alarm for Automatic Patient-Ventilator Asynchrony (PVA) and
   Mechanical State Recognition for Mechanical Ventilators Using Embedded Deep
   Learning
AU Santiago PRA; Cabacungan PM; Oppus CM; Mamaradlo JPA; Mercado NAM; Cao RP;
   Tangonan GL
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES MECH ENG
PY 2024
AB The Ateneo Innovation Center designs and develops a modular approach to
   medical alarm and alert systems for mechanical ventilators that enable
   clinicians to remotely monitor patient conditions and ventilator circuit
   status in near real-time, providing decision support that allows for a
   better diagnosis.  It monitors and tracks the alarm events related to the
   ventilator waveform consisting of pressure, flow, and volume curves by using
   automatic peak detection of the curves and real-time recognition of time-
   series waveforms.  The developed system combines the threshold alarms with
   embedded Artificial Intelligence to automatically detect complex alarms that
   need medical expertise such as issue detection on asynchrony, anomalies, and
   mechanical.  It also differentiates the critical types of alarms, assisting
   clinicians via alarm prioritization, and remote patient monitoring via a
   near cloud system.  Storing data in the near cloud system as a medical
   database enables building a rich dataset for upgrading the predictive model
   of alarm recognition.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.  2024.
DE and circular electronics manufacturing; biomedical monitoring; emergency
   ventilator; near cloud; tinyml
ID alarm systems; decision support systems; deep learning; medical computing;
   medical imaging; real-time systems; remote patient monitoring; and circular
   electronic manufacturing; asynchrony; biomedical monitoring; cloud systems;
   electronics manufacturing; emergency ventilator; mechanical; near cloud;
   tinyml; waveforms; diagnosis

---

UT 605
AR Vitolo P, 2024, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1113 LNEE, P186, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-48711-8_21
TI In-Sensor System for Real-Time Compensation of Thermal Drift in MEMS
   Pressure Sensors
AU Vitolo P; Licciardo GD; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Pau D; Pesaturo
   M
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2024
AB MEMS pressure sensors have emerged as crucial components in a wide range of
   applications, spanning from consumer to industrial sectors, where the demand
   for accurate and reliable sensing solutions has increased.  However, they
   suffer from considerable sensitivity to temperature fluctuations,
   potentially leading to significant accuracy drift caused by thermal
   stresses.  To address the above issue, this paper proposes a novel circuit
   design for real-time compensation of thermal drift, with enough low power
   and area requirements to be closely coupled with the MEMS. The circuit
   implements a custom HW accelerator of a neural network, capable of
   dynamically resolving accuracy drift by up to 1.6 hPa, and restoring the
   accuracy to within ±0.5 hPa range of correct operation.  TSMC 130 nm CMOS
   synthesis results of the proposed system show an area of 0.0373 mm2 and a
   dynamic power consumption of 1.07 μ W. These results highlight the system’s
   integration potential toward a compact self-compensating sensor.  © 2024,
   The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE artificial neural network; pressure sensors; self-compensation; smart
   sensor; thermal drift; tinyml
ID integrated circuit manufacture; low power electronics; neural networks;
   circuit designs; industrial sector; mems pressure sensor; real-time
   compensations; self-compensation; sensitivity to temperatures; sensor
   systems; temperature fluctuation; thermal drifts; tinyml; pressure sensors

---

UT 606
AR Liu X/2, 2024, IEEE TRANS SIGNAL PROCESS, V72, P5439, DOI
   10.1109/TSP.2024.3501674
TI Structured Directional Pruning via Perturbation Orthogonal Projection
AU Liu X/2; Wang Q; Shao Y; Geng Y; Li Y/2
TC 0
SO IEEE TRANS SIGNAL PROCESS
PY 2024
AB Despite the great potential of artificial intelligence (AI), which promotes
   machines to mimic human intelligence in performing tasks, it requires a
   deep/extensive model with a sufficient number of parameters to enhance the
   expressive ability.  This aspect often hinders the application of AI on
   resource-constrained devices.  Structured pruning is an effective
   compression technique that reduces the computation of neural networks.
   However, it typically achieves parameter reduction at the cost of non-
   negligible accuracy loss, necessitating fine-tuning.  This paper introduces
   a novel technique called Structured Directional Pruning (SDP) and its fast
   solver, Alternating Structured Directional Pruning (AltSDP). SDP is a
   general energy-efficient coarse-grained pruning method that enables
   efficient model pruning without requiring fine-tuning or expert knowledge of
   the desired sparsity level.  Theoretical analysis confirms that the fast
   solver, AltSDP, achieves SDP asymptotically after sufficient training.
   Experimental results validate that AltSDP reaches the same minimum valley as
   the vanilla optimizer, namely stochastic gradient descent (SGD), while
   maintaining a constant training loss.  Additionally, AltSDP achieves state-
   of-the-art pruned accuracy integrating pruning into the initial training
   process without the need for fine-tuning.  Consequently, the newly proposed
   SDP, along with its fast solver AltSDP, can significantly facilitate the
   development of shrinking deep neural networks (DNNs) and enable the
   deployment of AI on resource-constrained devices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE group lasso; pruning; shrinking deep neural networks ( dnn ); tiny
   artificial intelligence ( tiny ai )
ID deep neural networks; shrinkage; shrinkfitting; stochastic models; fast
   solvers; fine tuning; group lassos; human intelligence; neural networks;
   orthogonal projection; pruning; resource-constrained devices; shrinking deep
   neural network; tiny artificial intelligence; stochastic systems

---

UT 612
AR Yuan Z, 2024, IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT, P457, DOI 10.1109/WF-
   IoT62078.2024.10811277
TI Distributed TinyML on Resource-Constrained IoT Sensor Networks
AU Yuan Z; Eddie Law KL
TC 0
SO IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT
PY 2024
AB The transformative integration of IoT (Internet of Things) devices across
   various industrial platforms, product solutions, and smart systems, etc.,
   has been revolutionizing the ways that we live.  While sophisticated smart
   devices are prevalent in Industrial IoT, we often encounter devices with
   limited computational resources and other constraints, which may restrict
   the ability to perform complex data analysis and decision-making operations.
   In this paper, we present a novel IoT machine learning framework for devices
   with limited resources - the Distributed TinyML Sensor Network (DTSN)
   framework.  Our goal is to create intelligent, effective, and automated data
   computations in these devices for the sensor networks that connect to the
   edges of IoT systems.  We have designed a set of function calls for enabling
   the distributed deployments of neural network models across multiple
   resource-constraint sensing devices in DTSN. It results in facilitating
   autonomous data analysis and decision-making while reducing reliance on
   Cloud services.  With the popular Bluetooth technology, Bluetooth mesh
   networks are utilized for inter-device communications and support dynamic
   memory management without compromising model precision.  Our model offers
   on-device model training, fast deployment, and provides inferences at an IoT
   gateway node.  The experiment results indicate that the DTSN achieves high
   accuracy in both regression and classification tasks.  It demonstrates the
   feasibility of training and inference on embedded devices.  In conclusion,
   the DTSN framework provides a new method for deploying neural network models
   across multiple IoT devices, thus significantly enhancing the system
   intelligence and autonomy.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE bluetooth mesh; iot sensors; microcontrollers; neural networks; tinyml
ID bluetooth; gateways ( computer networks ); information management; sensor
   nodes; bluetooth mesh; decisions makings; internet of thing sensor; network
   frameworks; neural network model; neural networks; sensors network; smart
   system; solution system; tinyml; decision making

---

UT 613
AR Zanghieri M, 2024, IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS61083.2024.10798295
TI Wearable High-Density sEMG Processing with Class Activation Maps with an
   Embedded Temporal Convolutional Network
AU Zanghieri M; Rapa PM; Orlandi M; Buteau E; Chamberland F; Gosselin B; Benini
   L; Benatti S
TC 0
SO IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF BIOCAS
PY 2024
AB High-density surface electromyography (HD-sEMG) holds promise for advancing
   intuitive and non-invasive human-machine interfaces (HMIs) due to its higher
   spatial resolution compared to sparse sEMG. We address the challenge of
   integrating the HD-sEMG's data volume with embedded computing to enable
   fully wearable control systems.  We target HD-sEMG data from the wearable
   EMaGer 4 × 16 sensors system, with a Temporal Convolutional Network (TCN)
   that processes all channels and yields (94.7 ± 1.2)% accuracy on 6 classes.
   Moreover, we analyze the TCN's 4 × 16 Class Activation Maps with an approach
   inspired by computer vision, showing that channel relevance has a rowwise
   behavior not shown before.  We deploy our TCN on the parallel ultra-low-
   power GAP9 MCU, consuming only 28.7 mW, 13.7 uJ per inference, and 475 us
   inference computation time, compatible with the constraints of real-time
   processing.  Our work advances the SoA in the integration of HD-sEMG and
   embedded computing for wearable HMIs by combining wearable HD acquisition
   and embedded inference.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; hd-semg; human machine interfaces; human machine
   interaction; low power; mcu; temporal convolutional networks; tinyml;
   wearable
ID data integration; feedback control; image coding; image segmentation;
   convolutional networks; density surfaces; embedded-system; high-density
   surface electromyography; human machine interaction; human machine
   interface; low power; mcu; surface electromyography; temporal convolutional
   network; tinyml; wearable; spatio-temporal data

---

UT 614
AR Karakuş AS, 2024, UBMK - PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI ENG, P643, DOI
   10.1109/UBMK63289.2024.10773488
TI Soft Error Reliability Assessment of TinyML Algorithms on STM32
   Microcontroller
AU Karakuş AS; Göktaş OB; Akgedik S; Arslan S
TC 0
SO UBMK - PROC INT CONF COMPUT SCI ENG
PY 2024
AB Ultra-low-power and low-cost microcontrollers are converging with the
   recently popular concept of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to run such
   algorithms on memory and latency-constrained devices.  Although they are
   frequently used in autonomous drives such as unmanned aerial vehicles
   (drones), their reliability is often overlooked.  In this study, we analyze
   the soft-error reliability of various TinyML algorithms executing on an
   STM32L4 series microcontroller.  We implemented a low-level fault injector
   that can inject faults with timer interrupts in the form of a random bit
   flip in registers/memory during inference.  A total of 24,794 tests were
   conducted across Motion Detection, Image Recognition, and Visual Wake Word
   as TinyML algorithms and a matrix multiplication application.  Our
   experimental results revealed that soft errors can substantially affect such
   algorithms, with vulnerabilities differing across registers and memory with
   different crash and silent data corruption (SDC) rates.  These findings u
   nderscore t he importance o f t ailoredfault tolerance strategies for
   enhancing the reliability of TinyML models.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; soft error reliability; stm32; tinyml
ID health risks; microcontrollers; radiation hardening; embedded-system;
   machine learning algorithms; machine learning; power costs; reliability
   assessments; soft error; soft error reliability; stm32; tiny machine
   learning; ultra-low power; unmanned aerial vehicles ( uav )

---

UT 618
AR Andrade PHA, 2024, BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC, DOI
   10.1109/SBESC65055.2024.10771907
TI Using TinyML to Classify the Flight Phases of an Unmanned Aerial Vehicle
AU Andrade PHA; Jales MVS; Couras DJNP; De Azevedo VWF; Fernandes SR
TC 0
SO BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC
PY 2024
AB During the development and study of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) the
   relation between collected data and the flight phase can be a precious
   information.  This work presents a TinyML solution for a real-time
   classification of flight phases, achieving an accuracy exceeding 80% with an
   average power consumption of only 0.33 J/s.  The implementation employs a
   MPU6050 module to capture motion data through accelerometer and gyroscope
   readings, which are then processed via spectral analysis.  Post-training
   quantization techniques are also utilized to achieve the usage of only 3.3
   kB of RAM, 24.9 kB of ROM and 20 ms of latency, enabling operation within an
   ESP32 microcontroller.  The motivation for this work stems from the
   requirements of the PegAzuls AeroDesign team, participating in the SAE
   AeroDesign competition.  This approach demonstrates significant potential
   for application in various UAV projects, particularly where rapid and
   precise correlation of flight test data with specific flight phases is
   essential.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; flight phases classification; tinyml; unmanned
   aerial vehicle
ID accelerometers; micro air vehicle ( mav ); spectrum analyzers; aerial
   vehicle; average power consumption; flight phase; flight phase
   classification; motion data; neural networks; phase classification; real-
   time; tinyml; unmanned aerial vehicle; flight testing

---

UT 621
AR Lane A, 2024, IEEE ISL SYST APPL TECHNOL CONF LISAT, DOI
   10.1109/LISAT63094.2024.10808138
TI Towards ARSPI-NET: Advancing EEG Feature Extraction with Neuromorphic
   Algorithms
AU Lane A; Tang W; Nelson B
TC 0
SO IEEE ISL SYST APPL TECHNOL CONF LISAT
PY 2024
AB In this research, we present developments to ARSPI-NET, a pioneering hybrid
   framework aiming to redefine feature extraction methodologies for affective
   clinical EEG signal analysis through the integration of neuromorphic
   computing principles.  Focusing on the capabilities of Liquid State Machines
   (LSMs) and Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs), our work addresses the
   complexities of emotional processing within EEG signals by proposing an
   energy-efficient and biologically plausible solution.  By employing LSMs as
   a core component, ARSPI-NET interprets spatiotemporal dynamics in EEG data,
   enhancing the classification of psychophysiological states.  Through
   comprehensive experiments, including the classification of emotional valence
   from EEG signals induced by the International Affective Picture System
   (IAPS), we validate ARSPI-NET's effectiveness against traditional methods.
   Our findings reveal that, besides achieving competitive accuracy, ARSPI-NET
   stands out for its potential in reducing computational costs and paving the
   way for the adoption of neuromorphic hardware solutions like Intel's Loihi
   and IBM's TrueNorth.  This study emphasizes the scalability and
   interpretability of ARSPI-NET, setting a foundation for future explorations
   harnessing neuromorphic computing for real-world EEG analysis.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE affective computing; deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency neural
   networks; neuomorphic; recurrent neural networks; spiking neural networks;
   tinyml
ID computational neuroscience; contrastive learning; deep neural networks;
   digital storage; electroencephalography; medical imaging; affective
   computing; deep learning; edge computing; energy; energy efficiency neural
   network; neuomorphic; neural networks; spiking neural network; tinyml;
   recurrent neural networks

---

UT 645
AR Millar J, 2024, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST, P907, DOI
   10.1145/3666025.3699662
TI Ph.D Forum: Towards Low-Power Comprehensive Biodiversity Monitoring
AU Millar J
TC 0
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST
PY 2024
AB The Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework sets ambitious targets
   for 2023, including halting human-induced species extinction.  Achieving
   these requires comprehensive data on global biodiversity patterns, which can
   only be gathered through in-situ distributed sensor networks.  However,
   these multi-device networks are constrained by battery lifetimes, must
   gather rich data from power-hungry sensors, and yet need to be deployed in
   remote environments for long periods.  This note introduces a prototype
   multi-sensor device, and outlines how collaborative event-driven scheduling
   could improve network lifetime and reliability.  © 2024 Copyright is held by
   the owner/author(s).
DE biodiversity; edge computing; low power sensing; tinyml
ID battery lifetime; biodiversity monitoring; biodiversity patterns;
   distributed sensor networks; edge computing; low power; low power sensing;
   multi-devices; species extinction; tinyml

---

UT 650
AR Ho N, 2024, IEEE ANNU UBIQUITOUS COMPUT ELECTRON MOB COMMUN CONF UEMCON,
   P581, DOI 10.1109/UEMCON62879.2024.10754662
TI Towards A Minimalistic Sensor-Based Smart Soccer Net With Machine Learning
AU Ho N; Fafouri Z; Gregory A; Okwori M
TC 0
SO IEEE ANNU UBIQUITOUS COMPUT ELECTRON MOB COMMUN CONF UEMCON
PY 2024
AB The global appeal and competitive nature of soccer have led to the
   application of technology to monitor and enhance player training and
   performance.  Effective and data-driven training can reduce injury related
   to over-exertion and boost player performance.  Shooting is a crucial skill
   in soccer and can significantly influence the outcome of a game.  This work
   addresses the lack of a smart and privacy-aware device to track and analyze
   players' shot localization accuracy, particularly for amateur players.  We
   investigate a smart soccer net that can localize the point of impact of the
   ball from the perturbations of small inertial measuring sensors attached to
   the net.  We train a feedforward neural network with raw data and
   statistical-based features, and a convolutional neural network with time-
   and frequency-based features from continuous wavelet transformation (CWT).
   Also, we investigated one, two, three, and four sensors deployed in selected
   configurations on the net.  Four sensors deployed in a rhombus configuration
   and a model trained with CWT-based features achieved the best classification
   accuracy of 94 %. A cost-effective option of using three sensors in an
   inverted triangle configuration and the model trained with statistical-based
   features achieved 90 % accuracy.  This work is a step towards a minimalistic
   system that can be used as a training aid to automatically track the
   positions of soccer player shots in the goal during training sessions.  ©
   2024 IEEE.
DE event detection; intelligent devices; internet of things; sports analytics;
   tiny machine learning
ID baseball; convolutional neural networks; data privacy; feedforward neural
   networks; football; machine learning; continuous wavelet transformation;
   data driven; events detection; intelligent devices; localization accuracy;
   machine learning; performance; privacy aware; sport analytic; tiny machine
   learning; wavelet transforms

---

UT 654
AR Geissdoerfer K, 2024, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST,
   P883, DOI 10.1145/3666025.3699419
TI Demo: Battery-free TinyML Made Easy with Riotee
AU Geissdoerfer K; Zimmerling M
TC 0
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST
PY 2024
AB This demo uses a machine-learning-based hot word detection application to
   showcase the capabilities of Riotee, an open-source and commercially
   available hardware-software platform for the battery-free Internet of
   Things.  We describe the Riotee hardware consisting of a base module, a
   debug probe for easy firmware updates, and several expansion boards that
   enhance functionality without the need for custom-designed printed circuit
   boards (PCBs). The demo features the classification of live audio recordings
   using TinyML deep neural network inference aboard a Riotee device.  The
   Riotee device transmits the classification results via Bluetooth Low Energy
   (BLE) to a smartphone given to visitors.  Visitors can also observe how the
   Riotee software checkpoints and restores critical state in case of power
   failures via the visualization of logic analyzer traces.  © 2024 Copyright
   held by the owner/author(s).
DE battery-free systems; embedded machine learning; hardware and software
   platform; intermittent computing; open source; tinyml
ID audio recordings; computer debugging; deep neural networks; embedded
   software; open source software; program debugging; battery-free; battery-
   free system; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; hardware and
   software; hardware platform; intermittent computing; machine learning; open
   source; software platforms; tinyml; firmware

---

UT 673
AR Sahasra K, 2024, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V2176 CCIS, P499, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-68905-5_41
TI Tiny-Ml Model for Pugilism Sport Gesture Classification and Its Potential
   over Computer Vision
AU Sahasra K; Jain A; Savaridassan P; Likhitha P
TC 0
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2024
AB Tinyml is a developing area of machine learning that, when combined with
   edge computing and computer vision, can produce impressive outcomes.  This
   study will examine the notion of tinyml and how edge computing and machine
   learning interact and describe the benefits and drawbacks of employing this
   new technology as well.  More importantly, a model has been presented that
   explains how tinyml would get around the limitations of cutting-edge
   computer vision.  This approach used a Arduino board to recognize various
   boxing blows in real-time.  This idea stands in stark contrast to the
   conventional computer vision approach, which necessitates a lot more
   technical know-how and data.  Here a sample solution is offered to a real-
   world issue that tracks bodily mobility and has enormous promise in the
   field of healthcare.  The application of tinyml to computer vision
   techniques rather than the use of conventional ones may bring about a new
   breakthrough in these domains.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE computer vision; edge computing; tinyml
ID adversarial machine learning; contrastive learning; conventional computers;
   cutting edges; edge computing; gesture classifications; machine learning;
   real- time; real-world; sample solution; technical know hows; tinyml;
   machine vision

---

UT 690
AR Caravella V, 2024, EAI/SPRINGER INNO COMM COMP, P161, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-64495-5_12
TI Test the Capability of Arduino TinyML for Machine Learning
AU Caravella V; Yassine S; Kadry SN
TC 0
SO EAI/SPRINGER INNO COMM COMP
PY 2024
AB Machine learning can be used for anything in our daily lives using TinyML,
   with low power and memory constraints.  This chapter shows a test of the
   capability of Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense board to perform machine learning.
   For this, TinyML board with its sensors will be compared with equivalent
   machine learning using a computer.  The results of these two approaches will
   be compared to know whether the board shows satisfying results.  This board
   is still not widely used, and acknowledging what it can do will allow us to
   use it more effectively.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE embedded-system; machine learning; neural network; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; embedded systems; federated learning; daily lives;
   embedded-system; low memory; low power; machine learning; memory
   constraints; neural networks; power constraints; tinyml; adversarial machine
   learning

---

UT 725
AR Thorsager M, 2024, PROC - IEEE GLOB COMMUN CONF GLOBECOM, P5066, DOI
   10.1109/GLOBECOM52923.2024.10901782
TI EcoPull: Sustainable IoT Image Retrieval Empowered by TinyML Models
AU Thorsager M; Croisfelt V; Shiraishi J; Popovski P
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE GLOB COMMUN CONF GLOBECOM
PY 2024
AB This paper introduces EcoPull, a sustainable Internet of Things (IoT)
   framework powered by Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models for efficient
   image retrieval from multiple devices.  The devices are equipped with two
   types of TinyML models: i) a behavior model and ii) an image compressor
   model.  The behavior model filters out irrelevant images based on the
   current task, minimizing unnecessary data transmission and reducing
   communication resource competition among devices.  The image compressor
   model enables devices to communicate with the edge server (ES) using latent
   representations of images, thereby reducing communication bandwidth usage.
   While integrating TinyML models into IoT devices does increase energy
   consumption due to the inference process, this cost is carefully accounted
   for in our design.  Numerical results show that the proposed framework can
   achieve over 77% and 43% energy savings compared to the simple offloading
   and a state-of-the-art baseline while still maintaining the quality of the
   retrieved images at the ES. © 2024 IEEE.
DE generative ai; image retrieval; iot networks; medium access control; tinyml
ID behavior models; compressor models; edge server; generative ai; image
   compressor; internet of thing network; machine learning models; machine
   learning; medium access; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 745
AR Nair AR, 2024, PROC IEEE INT CONF VLSI DES, P192, DOI
   10.1109/VLSID60093.2024.00038
TI Multiplierless In-filter Computing for tinyML Platforms
AU Nair AR; Nath PK; Chakrabartty S; Thakur CS
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF VLSI DES
PY 2024
AB Wildlife conservation using continuous monitoring of environmental factors
   and biomedical classification, which generate a vast amount of sensor data,
   is a challenge due to limited bandwidth in the case of remote monitoring.
   It becomes critical to have classification where data is generated.  We
   present a novel multiplierless framework for in-filter acoustic
   classification using Margin Propagation (MP) approximation used in low-power
   edge devices deployable in remote areas with limited connectivity.  The
   entire design of this classification framework is based on template-based
   kernel machine, which uses basic primitives like addition/subtraction,
   shift, and comparator operations, for hardware implementation.  Unlike full
   precision training methods for traditional classification, we use MP-based
   approximation for training, including backpropagation mitigating
   approximation errors.  The proposed framework is general enough for acoustic
   classification.  However, we demonstrate the hardware friendliness of this
   framework by implementing a parallel Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filter
   bank in a kernel machine classifier optimized for a Field Programmable Gate
   Array (FPGA). The FIR filter acts as the feature extractor and non-linear
   kernel for the kernel machine implemented using MP approximation.  The FPGA
   implementation on Spartan 7 shows that the MP-approximated in-filter kernel
   machine is more efficient than traditional classification frameworks with
   just less than 1K slices.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE edge computing; filtering; fpga; iot
ID conservation; edge computing; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga );
   impulse response; internet of things; acoustic classification;
   classification framework; edge computing; field programmable gate array;
   field programmables; iot; kernel machine; multiplierless; programmable gate
   array; wildlife conservation; fir filters

---

UT 752
AR Hutner JVS, 2024, BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC, DOI
   10.1109/SBESC65055.2024.10771925
TI TinyML Applied in Hyperspectral Image Classification on COTS Microcontroller
AU Hutner JVS; Viel F; Zeferino CA; Bezerra EA
TC 0
SO BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC
PY 2024
AB Commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) microcontrollers used in remote sensing are
   increasingly being used because of the great versatility of application and
   development provided by this type of component.  There has been a
   significant increase in missions using CubeSats, mainly due to the greater
   accessibility and flexibility of the COTS equipment used, as well as lower
   development costs related to this type of equipment.  However, CubeSats have
   main constraints in power, size, and data transmission capacity.  As a
   solution, numerous works use onboard data processing to compress or classify
   the captured data to reduce the use of storage memory and the amount of data
   sent to Earth stations.  One of the types of data collected by remote
   sensing satellites are hyperspectral images, which despite being
   computationally challenging for classification in microcontrollers.  Several
   algorithms are capable of doing hyperspectral image classification even that
   constrained by low-power microcontrollers with the advances in deep
   learning.  In this sense, the aim and contribution of this study was to
   demonstrate and explore the feasibility and performance of implementing a
   deep learning model on a COTS microcontroller for hyperspectral image
   classification.  We developed a convolutional neural network (CNN)
   architecture adapted for microcontrollers using the TinyML concept with the
   TensorFlow Lite library to demonstrate the feasibility and performance of
   deep learning in COTS microcontroller.  The results for the overall accuracy
   of the embedded model were from 82.57 % to 95.81 % for three different
   literature datasets.  The dissipated power was 105 mW for all dataset
   samples, with the execution time per sample varying from 12.14 ms to 93.18
   ms, and the total energy consumed varying from 4.09 mJ to 7.52 mJ for the
   entire dataset tested.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cnn; cots; cubesat; hyperspectral image; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; microcontrollers; network security; small satellites;
   tropics; commercial off-the shelves; commercial off-the shelves; commercial-
   off-the-shelf; convolutional neural network; cubesat; hyperspectral;
   hyperspectral image; hyperspectral image classification; performance;
   tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 761
AR Shaikh A, 2024, PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL ADV COMPUT SCI ICTACS, P1658, DOI
   10.1109/ICTACS62700.2024.10840447
TI Robotic Recyclables Segregation System using TinyML
AU Shaikh A; Fernandes L; Cardozo M; Rodrigues N; Aswale S; Araujo SDCSE
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL ADV COMPUT SCI ICTACS
PY 2024
AB The increasing volume of waste generated globally is a significant concern.
   Recycling plants worldwide attempt to reduce this waste, but they struggle
   to keep up.  Technologically underdeveloped countries face further
   challenges, as they have not yet found cost-effective methods for recycling.
   Manual waste segregation worsens the issue, posing health risks to workers
   due to exposure to hazardous materials.  To address these concerns, this
   paper introduces a robotic system for the segregation of recyclables, aimed
   at improving waste management efficiency.  The review of existing literature
   highlights the prevalent use of supervised learning approaches, particularly
   CNN, SVM, Faster R-CNN, YOLO-V3, and RESNET architectures.  The term 'Tiny
   Machine Learning' (TinyML) describes the creation and use of machine
   learning models on devices with limited resources, allowing for effective
   inference with little memory and processing power consumption.  The
   objective is to develop a lightweight system that identifies and segregates
   recyclables, reducing manual labour and improving the accuracy of material
   recovery facilities using TinyML. The proposed system utilises economical
   hardware such as ESP-32-Cam and Arduino Mega microcontrollers, 3D-printed
   components, and a CNN-based object detection model while maintaining similar
   accuracy and time efficiency.  The system demonstrates high accuracy for
   single waste class type detection, achieving an F1 score of 96.3 % and low
   inferencing time.  Merging machine learning, robotics, and sustainable
   practices heralds a cleaner, technology-driven future in recycling
   management.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE 3d-modeling; computer vision; convolutional neural network; faster objects
   more objects; object detection; recyclables sorting; robotics; sustainable
   waste management
ID solvent extraction; 3d models; 3d-modeling; convolutional neural network;
   fast object more object; machine learning; objects detection; recyclable
   sorting; recyclables; recycling plant; sustainable waste management; robot
   learning

---

UT 792
AR Miftah R, 2024, INT CONF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI ICDS, DOI
   10.1109/ICDS62089.2024.10756431
TI Enhancing Accessibility of Feedback Collection in ML Models Through Keyword
   Spotting: A Moroccan Darija Model
AU Miftah R; Ibork Y; Mourhir A
TC 0
SO INT CONF INTELL COMPUT DATA SCI ICDS
PY 2024
AB This paper presents an innovative approach to enhancing feedback collection
   accessibility in machine learning models through the development of a
   keyword spotting system (KWS) designed for Moroccan Darija, a low-resource
   dialect.  The solution allows blind and visually impaired users to give
   feedback on model outputs using voice commands, providing a hands-free
   method to indicate misclassification by saying 'Mas7i7ch' (incorrect) or
   confirmation by saying 'S7i7' (correct). Data collection involved gathering
   over 500 distinct audio samples in different environments, which formed the
   basis of the model training.  The KWS model achieves 97.3% accuracy and 97%
   F1 score.  We leveraged the KWS as part of the Human-AI Interaction of a
   machine learning application to collect user feedback about model
   predictions and misclassifications through voice commands.  To evaluate our
   system's real-world applicability, a comprehensive user evaluation was
   conducted with over 112 participants of diverse genders, ages, vision
   conditions, and intellectual backgrounds.  The system achieved a high
   accessibility rating of 88.4%, highlighting its effectiveness in improving
   inclusion and providing an intuitive voice-based interface for blind and
   visually impaired individuals.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE feedback collection; human-ai interaction; keyword spotting; machine
   learning; moroccan darija; tinyml
ID contrastive learning; machine learning; feedback collection; human-ai
   interaction; innovative approaches; keyword spotting; keyword spotting
   systems; machine learning; misclassifications; moroccan darija; tinyml;
   voice command; adversarial machine learning

---

UT 799
AR Cho L, 2024, PROC INT SYMP INTELL SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN SYST ISPACS, DOI
   10.1109/ISPACS62486.2024.10868520
TI Slimming Edge AI: A Case Study of Gesture Recognition for Air Conditioner
   Control
AU Cho L; Huang C-C; Huang C-Y
TC 0
SO PROC INT SYMP INTELL SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN SYST ISPACS
PY 2024
AB The increasing popularity of machine learning (ML)/artificial intelligence
   (AI) applications in smart homes and medical care has sparked interest in
   edge/local AI. This study focuses on gesture-based air conditioner control,
   comparing two popular microcontroller-based AI architectures: TinyML and AI
   for embedded systems framework (AIfES). Our experimental results show that
   AIfES significantly outperforms TinyML (using TensorFlow Lite for
   microcontroller, TFLM) in deployment resources.  This suggests that the use
   of lightweight frameworks like AIfES on low-cost microcontrollers for simple
   applications can greatly enhance cost-effectiveness, paving the way for
   future research and development in this field.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE aifes; gesture recognition; inertial measurement unit; microcontroller;
   tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID domestic appliances; endocrinology; ai for embedded-system framework; air
   conditioner; case-studies; embedded-system; gestures recognition; inertial
   measurements units; machine learning; system framework; tensorflow lite;
   tinyml; gesture recognition

---

UT 811
AR Bhatt A, 2024, IEEE INT CONF COGN INFOCOMMUNICATIONS COGINFOCOM, P103, DOI
   10.1109/CogInfoCom63007.2024.10894748
TI Design and Development of Robust Yoga Pose Classifier using Embedded Machine
   Learning
AU Bhatt A; Mishra A; Bera UN
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COGN INFOCOMMUNICATIONS COGINFOCOM
PY 2024
AB This paper proposes a novel system leveraging Edge Impulse to integrate Tiny
   Machine Learning device nano BLE into the domain of yoga pose recognition.
   Utilizing a diverse dataset of yoga pose images, our approach focuses on
   five key poses, employing digital signal processing pipelines and neural
   network architectures for model optimization.  While achieving a notable
   accuracy of 88.44%, challenges such as pose variability and data quality
   lead to uncertainties in classification.  Through analysis and
   experimentation, strategies are identified for mitigating uncertainty,
   emphasizing the importance of addressing these factors to enhance the
   reliability of pose classification systems.  This research contributes to
   the field of embedded machine learning and promotes health and well-being
   through yoga practice.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE embedded machine learning; machine learning; pose detection; tinyml; yoga
ID contrastive learning; reliability analysis; design and development; embedded
   machine learning; embedded machines; machine learning; pose detection; pose
   recognition; tinyml; uncertainty; yoga; pipeline processing systems

---

UT 818
AR Carlotti N, 2024, SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT, V32 SPAR, P310, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-76424-0_55
TI Real-Time Fully Convolutional Networks for Peer-to-Peer Nano-drone Visual
   Localization and LED State Estimation
AU Carlotti N; Nava M; Giusti A
TC 0
SO SPRINGER PROC ADV ROBOT
PY 2024
AB We design and validate a neural network for relative pose estimation and
   led-based communication using only visual data coming from a nano-drone’s
   onboard grayscale, low-resolution camera.  The model is small enough to be
   deployed and run in real-time on an onboard hardware accelerator, achieving
   an inference rate of 39 FPS. © The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE fcn; nano-drones; perception; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; nanorobotics; nanorobots; nanosatellites;
   visual analytics; convolutional networks; fcn; nano-drone; neural networks;
   peer to peer; pose-estimation; real- time; relative pose; tinyml; visual
   localization; drones

---

UT 822
AR Narasimharao M, 2024, ODISHA INT CONF ELECTR POWER ENG COMMUN COMPUT TECHNOL
   ODICON, DOI 10.1109/ODICON62106.2024.10797576
TI Evaluation of AI-Driven Autonomous and TinyML Applications for Enterprise
   Automatic Shopping Bills Management
AU Narasimharao M; Lenka AK; Swain B; Nayak PP; Bhuyan S
TC 0
SO ODISHA INT CONF ELECTR POWER ENG COMMUN COMPUT TECHNOL ODICON
PY 2024
AB The shopping mall Billing industry is changing due to artificial
   intelligence (AI). The next big thing with actual bills is AI-Powered
   Automatic Shop Bills.  With these retail bills, consumers are dealing with
   entirely automated machinery.  Examining the factors that led up to
   customers' decision to shop at AI-powered Automated Shop Bills thus becomes
   essential.  This research explores this region to determine the factors that
   influence consumers' propensity to shop at AI-powered Automated shop bills.
   By including AI context-dependent components like reported satisfaction,
   individualization, and interactive features from the current research, the
   field's readiness and adoption paradigm is expanded.  By assessing fruits,
   lays, and cold drinks, the suggested model is put to the test.  The data is
   then evaluated using the Edge Impulse approach, and the embedded device is
   evaluated.  Simplified artificial intelligence algorithms were developed and
   assessed using several methods to perform this on-the-edge computation.  The
   research findings indicate that customer assessments of believed value and
   easiness are influenced by their creativity and optimism.  The assumed value
   of AI-powered automated retail bills is adversely affected by insecurity.
   Regarding AI-powered automatic bills, customer purchase intentions are
   significantly predicted by factors like how useful they are, which are
   considered delight, customization, and connectivity.  In the area of
   retailing Bills and technology in shopping malls, this study offers
   perceptive management and scholarly consequences.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; automated retail bills; computer vision; tinyml
ID customer satisfaction; information management; shopping centers; current;
   automated retail bill; cold drinks; consumer propensities; context
   dependent; customer decisions; embedded device; individualisation;
   interactive features; tinyml; sales

---

UT 829
AR Kanagachidambaresan GR, 2024, INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN NETW TECHNOL ICCCNT,
   DOI 10.1109/ICCCNT61001.2024.10723836
TI Internet of Things Enabled Precision Aquaculture Monitoring and Measurements
AU Kanagachidambaresan GR; Rohini P; Muralidhar M
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN NETW TECHNOL ICCCNT
PY 2024
AB The shrimp export industry in India, valued at over 23 thousand crores,
   faces challenges due to the high-risk, high-reward nature of shrimp farming
   and the demanding monitoring requirements it entails.  Existing automation
   and IoT solutions often struggle to effectively monitor the diverse marine,
   brackish, and freshwater environments crucial for shrimp cultivation.  This
   paper introduces the aqua buoy, a specialized monitoring system designed
   specifically for shrimp farming environments.  Alongside detailing the aqua
   buoy's functionality, the paper discusses its utility in monitoring various
   diseases that afflict shrimp cultivation.  Furthermore, it explores how
   farmers are tackling these challenges through enhanced biosecurity measures,
   selective breeding programs, and sustainable practices.  Offering insights
   into Litopenaeus vannamei shrimp farming, the article sheds light on the
   industry's evolution, current hurdles, and promising prospects for
   aquaculture's future.  With its swift response times, continuous monitoring
   capabilities, and over 98% accuracy rate in real-time environments, the aqua
   buoy leverages a machine learning-based approach for sensor calibration,
   ensuring optimal performance in shrimp farming operations.  ©2024 IEEE.
DE aquabuoy; internet of things; sensors; tinyml; vannamei shrimp
ID aquaculture; cultivation; precision agriculture; aquabuoy; bio-security;
   export industry; freshwater environments; marine environment; monitoring and
   measurements; monitoring system; shrimp farming; tinyml; vannamei shrimp;
   shellfish

---

UT 837
AR Pereira E, 2024, BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC, DOI
   10.1109/SBESC65055.2024.10771818
TI Comparing TinyML Models and Libraries for On-Device Water Potability
   Classification
AU Pereira E; Santos J; Barboza E
TC 0
SO BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC
PY 2024
AB Water pollution, mainly caused by human activities that elevate harmful
   substance concentrations above ideal levels, threatens both the supply and
   quality of drinking water and also adversely affects economic development
   and environmental sustainability.  Machine learning, combined with TinyML
   and the Internet of Things, is being used to predict drinking water
   classification, providing a promising alternative to traditional water
   sample monitoring.  This study aims to compare various machine learning
   models and TinyML libraries to solve the classification problem of water
   potability.  The Random Forest algorithm showed the best performance in
   Accuracy, Precision, Recall, and Fl-Score, with Emlearn and Micromlgen
   libraries achieving the fastest inference time of 362 milliseconds.  The
   multilayer perceptron model with the EmbML library used the least memory,
   with 283,113 bytes, and the Random Forest model with Micromlgen had the
   lowest energy consumption, using only 104.534 millijoules.  This work can
   help researchers and professionals implement water potability classification
   systems and use TinyML in other classification problems as well.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE energy-consumption; machine learning; potability; tinyml; water
ID adversarial machine learning; decision trees; inference engines; machine
   learning; problem solving; economic development; energy-consumption;
   environmental sustainability; harmful substances; human activities; machine
   learning; potability; substance concentrations; tinyml; water samples;
   random forests

---

UT 840
AR Altayeb M, 2024, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P431, DOI
   10.1109/SEC62691.2024.00048
TI Detection and Classification of High Energy Cosmic Rays Using TinyML
AU Altayeb M; Zennaro M
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2024
AB Cosmic rays (CR) and cosmic ray ensembles (CRE) can reveal new insights
   about the universe.  Scientists need low-cost devices that can detect and
   record CRE events over large areas.  We built a small, cheap, and energy-
   efficient device that can do this using a TinyML model to identify three
   types of cosmic ray traces: Worm, Spot, and Line.  The model has been
   successfully deployed in hardware and has been tested using three test-bench
   scenarios.  The results show a successful detection and identification for
   all cosmic ray traces.  The detected trace information can be then sent on
   the Internet.  Our device can help expand the cosmic ray observatory network
   and can be used for space missions and IoT applications.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE ccd-cmoc camera; cosmic ray; digital image processing; edge computing; high
   energy particles; iot; tinyml
ID cmos integrated circuits; cosmic ray detectors; cosmic ray measurement;
   cosmology; edge computing; photons; ccd-cmoc camera; cosmics; digital image;
   edge computing; high energy cosmic rays; high energy particles; images
   processing; iot; ray-trace; tinyml; cosmic rays

---

UT 853
AR Mahajan P/1, 2024, INT CONF ADV COMPUT CONTROL TELECOMMUN TECHNOL ACT, V1,
   P1280
TI Autonomous Weed Cutter Leveraging ESP32 and Tiny ML
AU Mahajan P/1; Otari S; Meshram P; Mhaske K
TC 0
SO INT CONF ADV COMPUT CONTROL TELECOMMUN TECHNOL ACT
PY 2024
AB This research delves into the transformation of agriculture through
   precision techniques and advanced technology.  The focus is on an autonomous
   AI weed cutter, utilising TinyML, the ESP32 camera module, and a proximity
   sensor to revolutionise weed management.  The study introduces a holistic
   approach by integrating TinyML's advanced computer vision techniques for
   real-time weed detection and classification.  The ESP32 camera captures
   field images, processed by TinyML algorithms to identify crops and weeds
   accurately.  Augmenting visual perception, a proximity sensor ensures safe
   navigation, detecting obstacles and maintaining safe distances from crops.
   This fusion empowers the system to make informed decisions.  Field trials
   confirm exceptional weed detection and removal accuracy.  Integration of
   TinyML-based vision, ESP32 camera tech, and the proximity sensor optimises
   efficiency, adaptability, and safety.  Economic and environmental analyses
   highlight benefits: sustainable practices, potential yield increase, and
   reduced herbicide usage.  In conclusion, this research showcases an
   autonomous AI weed cutter, seamlessly integrating TinyML, ESP32, and a
   proximity sensor.  This technology amalgamation offers precise weed
   management, boosting efficiency, reducing environmental impact, and
   promoting sustainability in agriculture-a pivotal stride toward precision
   farming's future.  © Grenze Scientific Society, 2024.
DE agricultural robotics; agriculture innovation; autonomous weed cutter;
   environmental impact; esp32; herbicide reduction; labor reduction; object
   detection etc; real-time communication; tinyml; weed management
ID agricultural robots; herbicides; weed control; % reductions; agricultural
   robotics; agriculture innovation; autonomous weed cutter; esp32; herbicide
   reductions; labor reduction; object detection etc; objects detection; real-
   time communication; tinyml; weed management; proximity sensors

---

UT 859
AR Mohammed SY, 2024, SPRINGER PROC BUS ECON, P119, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-67511-9_8
TI Detecting Denial-of-Service (DoS) Attacks with Edge Machine Learning
AU Mohammed SY; Aljanabi M; Mijwil MM
TC 0
SO SPRINGER PROC BUS ECON
PY 2024
AB There has been a growing interest in developing lightweight algorithms for
   implementing DoS attack mitigation on edge devices due to the increasing
   focus on edge cybersecurity.  Several micro-controller boards are available
   for capturing network traffic and implementing lightweight machine learning
   models.  These models can then analyze incoming data to identify signs of
   intrusion and potential attacks.  The study involved conducting experiments
   with support vector machine and logistic regression models using real-time
   DoS attack scenario data and the CICIoT2023 dataset.  This research presents
   a framework for capturing, processing, and analyzing data to generate edge
   machine learning models that can effectively mitigate DoS attacks.  © The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024.
DE denial-of-service ( dos ); edge computing; machine learning;
   microcontroller; tinyml

---

UT 862
AR Millar J, 2024, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST, P844, DOI
   10.1145/3666025.3699400
TI Poster: Towards Low-Power Comprehensive Biodiversity Monitoring
AU Millar J; Sethi S; Haddadi H; Madhavapeddy A
TC 0
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST
PY 2024
AB The Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework sets ambitious targets
   for 2023, including halting human-induced species extinction.  Achieving
   these requires comprehensive data on global biodiversity patterns, which can
   only be gathered through in-situ distributed sensor networks.  However,
   these multi-device networks are constrained by battery lifetimes, must
   gather rich data from power-hungry sensors, and yet need to be deployed in
   remote environments for long periods.  This note introduces a prototype
   multi-sensor device, and outlines how embedded scheduling could be used for
   extending sensor lifetime and resource-efficiency.  © 2024 Copyright held by
   the owner/author(s).
DE biodiversity; edge computing; low power sensing; tinyml
ID battery lifetime; biodiversity monitoring; biodiversity patterns;
   distributed sensor networks; edge computing; low power; low power sensing;
   multi-devices; species extinction; tinyml; biodiversity

---

UT 891
AR Vuagniaux R, 2024, PROC - SWISS CONF DATA SCI SDS, P146, DOI
   10.1109/SDS60720.2024.00028
TI Constrained Zero-Shot Neural Architecture Search on Small Classification
   Dataset
AU Vuagniaux R; Narduzzi S; Maamari N; Dunbar LA
TC 0
SO PROC - SWISS CONF DATA SCI SDS
PY 2024
AB The rapid evolution of Deep Learning (DL) has brought about significant
   transformations across scientific domains, marked by the development of
   increasingly intricate models demanding powerful GPU platforms.  However,
   edge applications like wearables and monitoring systems impose stringent
   constraints on memory, size, and energy, making on-device processing
   imperative.  To address these constraints, we employ an efficient zero-shot
   data-dependent Neural Architecture Search (NAS) strategy, enhancing the
   search speed through the utilization of proxy functions.  Additionally, we
   integrate Knowledge Distillation (KD) during the learning process,
   harnessing insights from pre-trained models to enrich the performance and
   adaptability of our approach.  This combined method not only achieves
   improved accuracy with but also results in a reduced memory footprint for
   the model.  Our validation on CUB2002011 demonstrates the feasibility of
   achieving a competitive NASoptimized architecture for small datasets,
   compared to models pre-trained on larger ones.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE knowledge distillation; nas; proxy; tinyml; zero-shot
ID adversarial machine learning; deep learning; classification datasets;
   knowledge distillation; monitoring system; neural architecture search;
   neural architectures; proxy; stringent constraints; tinyml; wearable
   systems; zero-shot; zero-shot learning

---

UT 896
AR Goswami U, 2024, IEEE SILCHAR SUBSECT CONF SILCON, DOI
   10.1109/SILCON63976.2024.10910615
TI Bird Song Classification Using TinyML and Edge Impulse Tools
AU Goswami U; Saxena A
TC 0
SO IEEE SILCHAR SUBSECT CONF SILCON
PY 2024
AB In this work, we aimed to classify the songs of eight birds and distinguish
   them from each other as well as from other external disturbances.  We
   collected and preprocessed songs of the birds and various noise recordings,
   extracted their Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCC) and fed the
   normalized output obtained from the MFCC block to a convolutional neural
   network which classified the input data as belonging to one of the nine
   classes.  The model used a softmax activation function which gave the
   probabilities by which the input data belonged to each of the nine classes.
   Finally, the trained model was deployed on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
   board which has an inbuilt microphone, that can capture and analyze sound in
   real time.  The classification model was built using Edge Impulse tools and
   an accuracy of 93.9% was obtained on the validation dataset.  Our research
   highlights the potential impact of this work on biodiversity conservation, a
   topic discussed later in this manuscript.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE arduino; convolutional neural network; edge impulse; mel-frequency cepstral
   coefficients; tinyml
ID birds; convolutional neural networks; input output programs;
   macroinvertebrates; arduino; birds song; classifieds; co-efficient blocks;
   convolutional neural network; edge impulse; external disturbances; mel-
   frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients;
   tinyml; convolution

---

UT 914
AR Sun B/1, 2024, PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD, P512, DOI
   10.1109/DSD64264.2024.00074
TI HW/SW Collaborative Techniques for Accelerating TinyML Inference Time at No
   Cost
AU Sun B/1; Hassan M
TC 0
SO PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD
PY 2024
AB With the unprecedented boom in TinyML development, optimizing Artificial
   Intelligence (AI) inference on resource-constrained microcontrollers (M CU
   s) is of paramount importance.  Most of the existing works focus on peak
   memory or computation reduction.  The tasks are partitioned in the patch-
   based or device-based during the execution.  However, it comes with a price
   of the latency and communication overhead.  In this paper, we propose
   several techniques to accelerate the Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN s)
   inference process.  These techniques are both architecture- and application-
   aware.  From the application perspective, 1) we maximize computation reuse
   through instruction reordering, 2) fuse several linear layers together to
   improve computation patterns, and 3) enable memory reuse of intermediate
   buffers for improving memory behavior.  From the architecture perspective,
   we propose techniques that take into account knowledge about underlying
   architecture of the MCU including 1) cache-aware and 2) multi-core
   parallelism-aware techniques.  Those solutions only require the general MCUs
   features thus demonstrating board generalization across various networks and
   devices.  These techniques come at no additional cost.  It improve the
   inference latency without any compromise of the model accuracy or the model
   size.  Our evaluation on a use-case from the health-care domain with real-
   data set for four CNNs - LeNet, AlexNet, ResNet20, and SqueezeNet - show
   that we achieve up to 71 % reduction in inference latency.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE acceleration; blood pressure monitoring; convolutional neural networks; hw
   and sw co-optimizations for tinyml inference time acceleration; hw  and sw
   optimization; ppg; tinyml
ID cache memory; matrix algebra; microcontrollers; parallel architectures;
   blood pressure monitoring; co-optimization; collaborative technique;
   convolutional neural network; hw  and sw co-optimization for tinyml
   inference time acceleration; hw  and sw optimization; memory reduction;
   optimizations; ppg; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 919
AR Fotso J-MK, 2024, INT J COMPUT, V23, P407, DOI 10.47839/ijc.23.3.3659
TI Beyond Performance Metrics: The Critical Role of Resource-Based Evaluation
   in Assessing IoT Attack Detectors
AU Fotso J-MK; Tchakounte F; Abbo I; Tchomte ND; Fachkha C
TC 0
SO INT J COMPUT
PY 2024
AB The proliferation of threats within the Internet of Things (IoT) environment
   is intensifying, largely due to the inherent limitations of this technology.
   The panoply of anti-threats based on artificial intelligence suffer from the
   complete embedment of models in limited resources.  Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) is presented as an opportunity in optimizing and selecting machine
   learning algorithms specifically tailored for intrusion detection systems
   (IDS) on limited-resource devices.  This article addresses the challenges
   that must be overcome to enable the deployment of machine learning models on
   devices with constrained resources.  In particular, it introduces additional
   indicators that could influence the algorithmic design of IoT models.
   Utilizing the PyCaret tool on the TON_IoT dataset, which encompasses nine
   distinct attacks, we developed and evaluated our approach for selecting the
   optimal algorithm from fourteen supervised learning models.  The proposed
   tool, beyond the traditional six performance metrics, emphasizes resource
   consumption metrics, including memory, processor usage, battery life, and
   execution time – key considerations for TinyML in model refinement and
   selection.  This study has identified less resource-intensive models
   suitable for developers in the design of IDS for IoT systems.  We believe
   this research offers a foundational framework for the development of
   lightweight and efficient IoT vulnerability detection solutions.  © (2024),
   (Research Institute of Intelligent Computer Systems). All rights reserved.
DE attacks; cybersecurity; ids; iot; tinyml

---

UT 923
AR Ma J, 2024, PROC - IEEE CYBER SCI TECHNOL CONGR CYBERSCITECH, P258, DOI
   10.1109/CyberSciTech64112.2024.00048
TI Challenges and Emerging Issues for Generative AI and Hyper Intelligence
AU Ma J; Jin Q; Hsu H-H/1; Vergara JPC; Guerrieri A; Miceli C; Guo A
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE CYBER SCI TECHNOL CONGR CYBERSCITECH
PY 2024
AB Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) represents a significant
   milestone in the development of artificial intelligence, bringing
   sophisticated AI capabilities into daily life and work.  As we approach the
   era of Hyper Intelligence (Hyper-I), a variety of critical challenges and
   emerging issues have come to light, ranging from computational complexity to
   ethical concerns.  This paper explores the evolution of AI from the
   perspective of human learning, comparing machine and human intelligence, and
   identifying key considerations for the development of future AI systems.  It
   also highlights the growing importance of regulating advanced AI models,
   such as Reinforcement Learning-based Long-Term Planning Agents, to ensure
   that Hyper-I remains under human control.  Additionally, the paper discusses
   the computational complexity of transformer-based models, their
   applicability to intractable problems, and their role in cognitive building
   systems and resource-constrained environments through TinyML. By analyzing
   these pressing challenges, this work provides insights into the future of AI
   and the path toward responsible innovation in generative and hyper-
   intelligent systems.  © 2024 IEEE.
DE cognitive buildings; generative ai; human control; human nature; hyper
   intelligence; tinyml; transformer
ID adversarial machine learning; generative adversarial networks; cognitive
   building; critical challenges; daily lives; ethical concerns; generative ai;
   human control; human nature; hyper intelligence; tinyml; transformer;
   ambient intelligence

---

UT 935
AR Vinod KS, 2024, SECUR PRIV TRUST WBANS E-HEALTHC, P236, DOI
   10.1201/9781032635101-15
TI Security threat mitigation in WBAN using tiny machine learning
AU Vinod KS; Ruby EDK
TC 0
SO SECUR PRIV TRUST WBANS E-HEALTHC
PY 2024
AB Wireless Body Area Network (WBAN) consists of a network of sensors placed on
   the body of a patient, which generally communicate to a cloud server via
   wireless links.  It consists of lifesaving vital patient health information,
   which needs to be secured.  The data from the sensors is continuously being
   transmitted and stored in the cloud.  The software processes the data by
   retrieving it from the cloud and alerts the doctor in case of an emergency
   situation.  This method needs a lot of computing power.  Also, it is time
   consuming and needs continuous availability of resources like bandwidth,
   energy, and security in the form of encryption.  These requirements can be
   overcome through edge computing at the edge device itself.  In this method,
   all the data processing is done at the edge device, and the output data is
   transmitted via SMS or message alerts.  One such edge device data processing
   technique is TinyML or Tiny Machine Learning, a machine learning model that
   does all the data processing, learns the situation, and makes decisions
   based on the known model.  This decision is sent as an alert to the doctor
   in case of an emergency situation by way of SMS or message alert.  The
   sensor generates data continuously, and the amount of data is big, which is,
   therefore, called big data.  The chapter focuses on TinyML, which is run in
   microcontrollers (edge devices) interfaced with sensors and used to make
   decisions in emergency situations in the WBAN. The main advantages of edge
   computing are less memory space requirement, low latency, less bandwidth,
   and low power, which means long battery life.  Their compact size makes them
   suitable for wearable applications.  © 2025 selection and editorial matter,
   Anuj Kumar Singh and Sachin Kumar.  All rights reserved.

---

UT 942
AR Doshi R, 2024, DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL, DOI
   10.1109/VLSITechnologyandCir46783.2024.10631387
TI Medusa: A 0.83/4.6 μj/Frame 86/91.6%-CIFAR-10 TinyML Processor with
   Pipelined Pixel Streaming of Bottleneck Layers in 28nm CMOS
AU Doshi R; Giordano M/1; Olah J; Cao Z; Jang M; Upton LR; Ramkaj A; Murmann B
TC 0
SO DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL
PY 2024
AB Medusa is a 28 nm programmable 8-bit processor that achieves state-of-the-
   art inference energy across a range of always-on tiny Machine Learning
   (tinyML) tasks.  It features custom 6T-latch-based Inner Loop Memories
   (ILMs) optimized for tinyML that achieve a read energy of 15 fJ/Byte, and
   its Pipelined Pixel Streaming (PPS) architecture leverages ILMs to reduce
   system-level memory access energy by up to 9.5x.  Medusa performs inference
   image-to-label, with native support for critical tinyML operations,
   including memory-intensive depthwise separable convolution-based bottleneck
   layers.  It achieves 0.83/4.6 μl/Frarnc at a latency of 0.6/2.6 ms and an
   accuracy of 86.2/91.6% on CIFAR-10, advancing the state-of-the art in
   inference energy by 3.4x/4.9x.  In addition, it achieves 0.23 μJ/Frame at
   0.27 ms and 90.8% on Google Speech Commands and 5.0 μ J /Frame and 3.8 ms at
   81.5% on Visual Wake Words.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID audio streaming; cmos integrated circuits; pipeline processing systems; 28nm
   cmos; 8-bit processors; energy; inner loops; learning tasks; machine
   learning; medusae; memory optimized; state of the art; streaming
   architecture; memory architecture

---

UT 949
AR Yusuf H, 2024, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V1055 LNNS, P121, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-97-5441-0_12
TI Towards Reliable DTMF Recognition: A TinyML Approach
AU Yusuf H; Perkins M; Nkama C
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2024
AB Dual-tone multi-frequency (DTMF) detection faces challenges in real-world
   environments due to noise, distortions, and diverse telecommunications
   equipment.  This paper explores the application of a simple Artificial
   Neural Network (ANN) for robust DTMF tone classification, with subsequent
   deployment on an Arduino device.  The proposed TinyML model achieves near-
   identical accuracy to the unquantized model across pure signals, signals
   with noise, and speech distortions.  Notably, the quantized model
   significantly reduces file size (70%) while maintaining excellent
   performance.  This work highlights the potential of ANNs for robust DTMF
   classification in real-world scenarios, particularly on low-power devices.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte
   Ltd.  2024.
DE artificial neural network; dtmf; machine learning; quantization; tinyml
ID dual-tone multi-frequency; frequency detection; machine learning; multi-
   frequency; neural networks; noise distortions; quantization; real-world
   environments; simple++; tinyml; quantization ( signal )

---

UT 956
AR Daubaris P, 2024, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW, V1
TI PhD school: Network-Enhanced On-Device AI: a Recipe for Interoperable and
   Cooperative AI Applications
AU Daubaris P; Tarkoma S; Morabito R
TC 0
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2024
AB TinyML enables the execution of machine learning models on resource-
   constrained devices, offering benefits in privacy and energy consumption.
   However, current research often limits TinyML to single-device, single-task
   scenarios, hindering the potential for collaborative edge computing.  In
   this respect, we believe that systems where TinyML-enabled devices
   collaborate directly with one another remain largely unexplored, presenting
   significant opportunities for innovation in cooperative edge computing.
   This doctoral research investigates collaborative TinyML systems comprised
   of highly constrained devices (e.g., < 1000 KB RAM, < 2000 KB flash
   storage), with objectives such as: developing methods for intelligent
   computation offloading, creating a lightweight networking system for node
   communication, and investigating protocols for enhanced interoperability.  ©
   2024, Junction Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE constrained devices; edge computing; networking; tinyml

---

UT 969
AR Krishna A, 2024, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS58744.2024.10558468
TI Live Demonstration: Real-time audio and visual inference on the RAMAN TinyML
   accelerator
AU Krishna A; Rajesh A; Oleti HP; Chauhan A; Shankaranarayanan H; van Schaik A;
   Mehendale M; Thakur CS/1
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2024
AB The setup includes a host PC, camera and microphone sensors, and a Pynq-Z2
   FPGA board.  The neuromorphic cochlear model and RAMAN accelerator for
   neural network inference are deployed on the FPGA. The ARM processor on the
   FPGA sends the image received, cochleagram and the classified outputs to the
   PC to be visualized.  © 2024 IEEE.
ID camera sensor; cochlear model; fpga boards; host-pc; microphone sensors;
   neural networks; neuromorphic; pc cameras; real-time audio; visual
   inferences; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 973
AR Bello H, 2024, LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG,
   V524 LNICST, P166, DOI 10.1007/978-3-031-72524-1_13
TI Real-Time and on-the-Edge Multiple Channel Capacitive and Inertial Fusion-
   Based Glove
AU Bello H; Suh S; Geißler D; Ray L; Zhou B; Lukowicz P
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES INST COMPUT SCI SOC INFORMATICS TELECOMMUN ENG
PY 2024
AB Human-robot interaction (HRI) has become increasingly ubiquitous and
   pervasive, with hand gestures serving as a common means of communication
   between humans and robots.  We present a glove-based wearable solution for
   classifying hand gestures.  It is specifically designed for drone control
   applications.  Our solution is a textile-based, low-power consumption (≤
   1.15 W), privacy-conscious, real-time, and on-the-Edge alternative, ensuring
   user comfort and data security.  With a tiny memory footprint (≤ 2 MB), the
   proposed approach provides an efficient and sustainable approach to hand
   gesture recognition.  To achieve high accuracy while maintaining low power
   consumption, we adopt a hierarchical lightweight neural network scheme.
   This fusion technique not only reduces energy consumption but also improves
   the overall performance of the system.  During the offline evaluation of
   nine classes, including eight hand gestures and the null class, our system
   achieves an F1 score of 80%. In real-time and on-the-edge evaluation with
   one user, our wearable solution yields an F1 score of 67%, further
   highlighting its practicality and effectiveness in real-world scenarios.  ©
   ICST Institute for Computer Sciences, Social Informatics and
   Telecommunications Engineering 2024.
DE capacitive sensing; gesture recognition; real-time on-the-edge; tinyml;
   wearable textile
ID drones; fusion reactions; neural networks; palmprint recognition; social
   robots; capacitive sensing; f1 scores; gestures recognition; hand gesture;
   low power consumption; lower-power consumption; real- time; real-time on-
   the-edge; tinyml; wearable textile; gesture recognition

---

UT 985
AR Alves DNA, 2024, BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC, DOI
   10.1109/SBESC65055.2024.10771910
TI TinyPPE: Ensuring Workplace Safety Helmet Compliance with Tiny Machine
   Learning
AU Alves DNA; Barboza EDA; Vieira TF
TC 0
SO BRAZ SYMP COMPUT SYST ENG SBESC
PY 2024
AB Ensuring safety in workplaces such as industry and civil construction
   requires the use of personal protective equipment (PPE). Enhancing
   compliance with PPE regulations or employing educational measures through a
   deployable device, which can also restrict access to hazardous areas without
   proper safety equipment, is crucial to mitigating workplace accidents and
   reducing the risk of fatalities or disability.  This paper proposes the
   development of a device equipped with embedded machine learning models that
   use a camera to monitor workers and enforce the usage of PPE. These models
   are deployed on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense, integrated with an OV7675
   camera shield, to capture images and employ our trained computer vision
   model to classify the usage of safety helmets.  The compact size of the
   trained and quantized model, weighing only 59 KB, taking about 595
   milliseconds total time, 92.5% accuracy, demonstrates its efficiency.  This
   innovation not only promotes the adhesion to safety protocols, but also
   presents significant benefits in scientific and economic contexts.  © 2024
   IEEE.
DE computer vision; convolutional neural network ( cnn ); embedded systems;
   machine learning; personal protective equipment ( ppe ); safety helmet; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )
ID commerce; competition; critical path analysis; machine learning; protective
   clothing; safety devices; convolutional neural network; embedded-system;
   machine learning; personal protective equipment; safety helmet; tiny machine
   learning; workplace safety; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1087
AR Abadade Y, 2023, IEEE ACCESS, V11, P96892, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3294111
TI A Comprehensive Survey on TinyML
AU Abadade Y; Temouden A; Bamoumen H; Benamar N; Chtouki Y; Hafid AS
TC 257
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2023
AB Recent spectacular progress in computational technologies has led to an
   unprecedented boom in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI). AI is now
   used in a plethora of research areas and has demonstrated its capability to
   bring new approaches and solutions to various research problems.  However,
   the extensive computation required to train AI algorithms comes with a cost.
   Driven by the need to reduce the energy consumption, the carbon footprint
   and the cost of computers running machine learning algorithms, TinyML is
   nowadays considered as a promising AI alternative focusing on technologies
   and applications for extremely low-profile devices.  This paper presents the
   results of a literature survey of all TinyML applications and related
   research efforts.  Our survey builds a taxonomy of TinyML techniques that
   have been used so far to bring new solutions to various domains, such as
   healthcare, smart farming, environment, and anomaly detection.  Finally,
   this survey highlights the remaining challenges and points out possible
   future research directions.  We anticipate that this survey will motivate
   further discussions on the various fields of applications of TinyML and the
   synergy of resource-constrained devices and edge intelligence.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE deep learning; edge intelligence; embedded machine learning; tinyml
ID carbon footprint; deep learning; energy utilization; internet of things;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; anomaly detection; deep learning;
   edge intelligence; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; hardware;
   machine learning; medical services; smart agricultures; tinyml; costs

---

UT 1438
AR Lin J/1, 2023, IEEE CIRCUITS SYST MAG, V23, P8, DOI
   10.1109/MCAS.2023.3302182
TI Tiny Machine Learning: Progress and Futures [Feature]
AU Lin J/1; Zhu L; Chen W-M; Wang W-C; Han S
TC 146
SO IEEE CIRCUITS SYST MAG
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a new frontier of machine learning.  By
   squeezing deep learning models into billions of IoT devices and
   microcontrollers (MCUs), we expand the scope of applications and enable
   ubiquitous intelligence.  However, TinyML is challenging due to the hardware
   constraints: the tiny memory resource is difficult hold deep learning models
   designed for cloud and mobile platforms.  There is also limited compiler and
   inference engine support for bare-metal devices.  Therefore, we need to co-
   design the algorithm and system stack to enable TinyML. In this review, we
   will first discuss the definition, challenges, and applications of TinyML.
   We then survey the recent progress in TinyML and deep learning on MCUs.
   Next, we will introduce MCUNet, showing how we can achieve ImageNet-scale AI
   applications on IoT devices with system-algorithm co-design.  We will
   further extend the solution from inference to training and introduce tiny
   on-device training techniques.  Finally, we present future directions in
   this area.  Today's 'large' model might be tomorrow's 'tiny' model.  The
   scope of TinyML should evolve and adapt over time.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE efficient deep learning; learning on-the-edge; on-device training; tinyml
ID internet of things; learning systems; microcontrollers; co-designs;
   efficient deep learning; learning models; learning on-the-edge; learning
   progress; machine learning; on-device training; scope of application; tiny
   machine learning; ubiquitous intelligence; deep learning

---

UT 1350
AR Hernandez SM, 2023, IEEE COMMUN SURV TUTOR, V25, P46, DOI
   10.1109/COMST.2022.3209144
TI WiFi Sensing on the Edge: Signal Processing Techniques and Challenges for
   Real-World Systems
AU Hernandez SM; Bulut E
TC 100
SO IEEE COMMUN SURV TUTOR
PY 2023
AB In this work, we evaluate the feasibility of deploying ubiquitous WiFi
   sensing systems at the edge and consider the applicability of existing
   techniques on constrained edge devices and what challenges still exist for
   deploying WiFi sensing devices outside of laboratory environments.  Through
   an extensive survey of existing literature in the area of WiFi sensing, we
   discover common signal processing techniques and evaluate the applicability
   of these techniques for online edge systems.  Based on these techniques, we
   develop a topology of components required for a low-cost WiFi sensing system
   and develop a low-cost WiFi sensing system using ESP32 IoT microcontroller
   edge devices.  We perform numerous real world WiFi sensing experiments to
   thoroughly evaluate machine learning prediction accuracy by performing Tree-
   structured Parzen Estimator (TPE) hyperparameter optimization to
   independently identify optimal hyperparameters for each method.
   Additionally, we evaluate our system directly on-board the ESP32 with
   respect to computation time per method and overall sample throughput rate.
   Through this evaluation, we demonstrate how an edge WiFi sensing system
   enables online machine learning through the use of on-device inference and
   thus can be used for ubiquitous WiFi sensing system deployments.  ©
   1998-2012 IEEE.
DE channel state information; device-free sensing; edge inference; signal
   processing; tinyml; wi-fi sensing
ID e-learning; internet of things; job analysis; machine learning; online
   systems; orthogonal frequency division multiplexing; wi-fi; wireless local
   area networks ( wlan ); channel state information; device-free; device-free
   sensing; edge inference; signal processing; task analysis; time-frequency
   analysis; tinyml; tutorial; wi-fi sensing; wireless fidelities; channel
   state information

---

UT 718
AR Rajapakse V, 2023, ACM COMPUT SURV, V55, DOI 10.1145/3583683
TI Intelligence at the Extreme Edge: A Survey on Reformable TinyML
AU Rajapakse V; Karunanayake I; Ahmed N
TC 95
SO ACM COMPUT SURV
PY 2023
AB Machine Learning (TinyML) is an upsurging research field that proposes to
   democratize the use of Machine Learning and Deep Learning on highly energy-
   efficient frugal Microcontroller Units (MCUs). Considering the general
   assumption that TinyML can only run inference, growing interest in the
   domain has led to work that makes them reformable, i.e., solutions that
   permit models to improve once deployed.  This work presents a survey on
   reformable TinyML solutions with the proposal of a novel taxonomy.  Here,
   the suitability of each hierarchical layer for reformability is discussed.
   Furthermore, we explore the workflow of TinyML and analyze the identified
   deployment schemes, available tools, and the scarcely available benchmarking
   tools.  Finally, we discuss how reformable TinyML can impact a few selected
   industrial areas and discuss the challenges, and future directions, and its
   fusion with next-generation AI.  © 2023 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE internet of things; microcontroller units; survey; tinyml
ID deep learning; energy efficiency; learning systems; microcontrollers;
   benchmarking tools; energy efficient; industrial area; machine learning;
   microcontroller unit; research fields; tinyml; work-flows; internet of
   things

---

UT 1242
AR Hou KM, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23115074
TI Trends and Challenges in AIoT/IIoT/IoT Implementation
AU Hou KM; Diao X; Shi H; Ding H; Zhou H/2; de Vaulx C
TC 82
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB For the next coming years, metaverse, digital twin and autonomous vehicle
   applications are the leading technologies for many complex applications
   hitherto inaccessible such as health and life sciences, smart home, smart
   agriculture, smart city, smart car and logistics, Industry 4.0,
   entertainment (video game) and social media applications, due to recent
   tremendous developments in process modeling, supercomputing, cloud data
   analytics (deep learning, etc.), communication network and AIoT/IIoT/IoT
   technologies.  AIoT/IIoT/IoT is a crucial research field because it provides
   the essential data to fuel metaverse, digital twin, real-time Industry 4.0
   and autonomous vehicle applications.  However, the science of AIoT is
   inherently multidisciplinary, and therefore, it is difficult for readers to
   understand its evolution and impacts.  Our main contribution in this article
   is to analyze and highlight the trends and challenges of the AIoT technology
   ecosystem including core hardware (MCU, MEMS/NEMS sensors and wireless
   access medium), core software (operating system and protocol communication
   stack) and middleware (deep learning on a microcontroller: TinyML). Two low-
   powered AI technologies emerge: TinyML and neuromorphic computing, but only
   one AIoT/IIoT/IoT device implementation using TinyML dedicated to strawberry
   disease detection as a case study.  So far, despite the very rapid progress
   of AIoT/IIoT/IoT technologies, several challenges remain to be overcome such
   as safety, security, latency, interoperability and reliability of sensor
   data, which are essential characteristics to meet the requirements of
   metaverse, digital twin, autonomous vehicle and Industry 4.0. applications.
   © 2023 by the authors.
DE aiot platform; ann; digital twin; imc; keras; metaverse; neuromorphic
   computing; openthread; snn; tensorflow; tensorflow for microcontroller;
   tensorflow lite; tinyml; zephyr
ID agriculture; autonomous vehicles; data science; ecosystem; humans;
   reproducibility of results; autonomous vehicles; cloud analytics; data
   analytics; deep learning; engineering education; industry 40; aiot platform;
   ann; imc; keras; metaverses; neuromorphic computing; openthread; snn;
   tensorflow; tensorflow for microcontroller; tensorflow lite; tinyml; zephyr;
   agriculture; autonomous vehicle; data science; ecosystem; human;
   reproducibility; microcontrollers

---

UT 1300
AR Awad AI, 2023, ICT EXPRESS, V9, P473, DOI 10.1016/j.icte.2022.05.006
TI Utilization of mobile edge computing on the Internet of Medical Things: A
   survey
AU Awad AI; Fouda MM; Khashaba MM; Mohamed ER; Hosny KM
TC 74
SO ICT EXPRESS
PY 2023
AB Internet of Things (IoT) enables different smart environment objects to
   communicate without involving humans.  Recently, IoT has started a new
   challenge within the healthcare sector called the Internet of Medical Things
   (IoMT). The huge amounts of data generated by IoMT entities need to be
   analyzed in real-time to improve the performance and quality of service of
   the IoMT applications.  Mobile Edge Computing-enabled 5G system is shown as
   a successful paradigm to address such an obstacle.  Numerous frameworks are
   introduced in literature based on this idea.  This paper presents a thorough
   discussion of MEC-based IoMT healthcare systems.  © 2022 The Author(s)
DE 5g; big data; blockchain; cloud computing; devops; iomt; mec; microservices;
   smart healthcare; tinyml; wban

---

UT 1146
AR Antonini M, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23042344
TI An Adaptable and Unsupervised TinyML Anomaly Detection System for Extreme
   Industrial Environments †
AU Antonini M; Pincheira M; Vecchio M; Antonelli F
TC 65
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Industrial assets often feature multiple sensing devices to keep track of
   their status by monitoring certain physical parameters.  These readings can
   be analyzed with machine learning (ML) tools to identify potential failures
   through anomaly detection, allowing operators to take appropriate corrective
   actions.  Typically, these analyses are conducted on servers located in data
   centers or the cloud.  However, this approach increases system complexity
   and is susceptible to failure in cases where connectivity is unavailable.
   Furthermore, this communication restriction limits the approach’s
   applicability in extreme industrial environments where operating conditions
   affect communication and access to the system.  This paper proposes and
   evaluates an end-to-end adaptable and configurable anomaly detection system
   that uses the Internet of Things (IoT), edge computing, and Tiny-MLOps
   methodologies in an extreme industrial environment such as submersible
   pumps.  The system runs on an IoT sensing Kit, based on an ESP32
   microcontroller and MicroPython firmware, located near the data source.  The
   processing pipeline on the sensing device collects data, trains an anomaly
   detection model, and alerts an external gateway in the event of an anomaly.
   The anomaly detection model uses the isolation forest algorithm, which can
   be trained on the microcontroller in just 1.2 to 6.4 s and detect an anomaly
   in less than 16 milliseconds with an ensemble of 50 trees and 80 KB of RAM.
   Additionally, the system employs blockchain technology to provide a
   transparent and irrefutable repository of anomalies.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE anomaly detection; blockchain; internet of things; machine learning;
   tinymlops; tinyml
ID blockchain; firmware; gateways ( computer networks ); internet of things;
   machine learning; microcontrollers; anomaly detection; anomaly detection
   models; anomaly detection systems; blockchain; industrial environments; keep
   track of; machine learning; sensing devices; tiny-mlop; tinyml; anomaly
   detection

---

UT 1479
AR Asutkar S, 2023, EXPERT SYS APPL, V213, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2022.119016
TI TinyML-enabled edge implementation of transfer learning framework for domain
   generalization in machine fault diagnosis
AU Asutkar S; Chalke C; Shivgan K; Tallur S
TC 60
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2023
AB TinyML has the potential to be a huge enabler of smart sensor nodes for
   fault diagnosis of machines by embedding powerful machine learning
   algorithms in low-cost edge devices.  Static models trained with pre-
   collected data may not perform satisfactorily when deployed in use cases
   that present data with a significantly different distribution, due to
   changes in machine instances, installation, and environment and operating
   conditions.  In this work, we present a transfer learning framework in
   conjunction with TinyML-powered convolutional neural network (CNN)
   architecture for vibration-based fault diagnosis of vastly different
   machines.  We report that fine-tuning (retraining) of parameters (weights
   and biases) in convolutional layers and transfer of parameters in dense
   layers of CNNs results in higher accuracy for domain generalization than the
   conventional approach of transferring parameters for convolutional layers
   and fine-tuning dense layers.  Using transfer learning also results in high
   accuracy when the total number of training samples used for fine-tuning on
   the target domain data sets are as low as 25 i.e.  less than 5 % of the size
   of the data set, which makes the proposed architecture viable for scenarios
   with a limited number of data points available for training the model.
   Furthermore, we have also demonstrated memory-efficient retraining at the
   edge by fine-tuning only the biases of hidden layers.  © 2022 Elsevier Ltd
DE convolutional neural network; domain generalization; machine fault
   diagnosis; tinyml; transfer learning
ID convolution; failure analysis; fault detection; learning algorithms;
   learning systems; network architecture; sensor nodes; transfer learning;
   convolutional neural network; dense layer; domain generalization; faults
   diagnosis; fine tuning; generalization; learning frameworks; machine fault
   diagnosis; tinyml; transfer learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1419
AR Zhang Y/4, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2023.3307751
TI Leveraging Acoustic Emission and Machine Learning for Concrete Materials
   Damage Classification on Embedded Devices
AU Zhang Y/4; Adin V; Bader S; Oelmann B
TC 58
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB For the field of structural health monitoring (SHM), acoustic emission (AE)
   technology is important as a damage identification technique that does not
   cause secondary damage to concrete.  Nowadays, applications of
   nondestructive concrete damage identification are mostly limited to
   commercial software or identification algorithms running on desktop
   computers.  It has so far not been deployed in low-power embedded devices.
   In this study, a lightweight convolutional neural network (CNN) model for
   online nondestructive damage type recognition of concrete materials is
   presented and deployed on a resource-constrained microcontroller unit (MCU)
   as a tiny machine learning (TinyML) application.  The CNN model uses raw AE
   signals as input and damage recognition types as output.  15000 AE signals
   are used as datasets divided into training, validation, and test sets in the
   ratio of 8:1:1. The experimental results show that an accuracy of 99.6% is
   achieved on the nRF52840 microcontroller (ARM Cortex M4) with only 166.822
   ms and 0.555 mJ for a single inference using only 20k parameters and 30.5-kB
   model size.  This work demonstrates the effectiveness and feasibility of the
   proposed model, which achieves a trade-off between high classification
   accuracy and deployability on resource-constrained MCUs.  Consequently, it
   provides strong support for online continuous nondestructive SHM.  ©
   1963-2012 IEEE.
DE acoustic-emissions ( aes ); convolutional neural networks ( cnns ); damage
   classification; embedded systems; nondestructive testing; structural health
   monitoring ( shm ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID acoustic emission testing; application programs; concretes; convolution;
   damage detection; embedded systems; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   neural networks; personal computers; structural health monitoring; acoustic-
   emissions; convolutional neural network; damage classification; embedded-
   system; machine learning; nondestructive; nondestructive testing; tiny
   machine learning; economic and social effects

---

UT 1171
AR Sabovic A, 2023, INTERNET THING, V22, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2023.100736
TI Towards energy-aware tinyML on battery-less IoT devices
AU Sabovic A; Aernouts M; Subotic D; Fontaine J; Poorter ED; Famaey J
TC 54
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2023
AB With the advent of Tiny Machine Learning (tinyML), it is increasingly
   feasible to deploy optimized ML models on constrained battery-less Internet
   of Things (IoT) devices with minimal energy availability.  Due to the
   unpredictable and dynamic harvesting environment, successfully running
   tinyML on battery-less devices is still challenging.  In this paper, we
   present the energy-aware deployment and management of tinyML algorithms and
   application tasks on battery-less IoT devices.  We study the trade-offs
   between different inference strategies, analyzing under which circumstances
   it is better to make the decision locally or send the data to the Cloud
   where the heavy-weight ML model is deployed, respecting energy, accuracy,
   and time constraints.  To decide which of these two options is more optimal
   and can satisfy all constraints, we define an energy-aware tinyML
   optimization algorithm.  Our approach is evaluated based on real experiments
   with a prototype for battery-less person detection, which considers two
   different environments: (i) a controllable setup with artificial light, and
   (ii) a dynamic harvesting environment based on natural light.  Our results
   show that the local inference strategy performs best in terms of execution
   speed when a controllable harvesting environment is considered.  It can
   execute 3 times as frequently as remote inference at a harvesting current of
   2 mA and using a capacitor of 1.5 F. In a realistic harvesting scenario with
   natural light and making use of the energy-aware optimization algorithm, the
   device will favor remote inference under high light conditions due to the
   better accuracy of the Cloud-based model.  Otherwise, it switches to local
   inference.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE battery-less ai; energy harvesting; energy aware optimization; person
   detection; sustainable iot; tinyml

---

UT 1271
AR Kim E/1, 2023, COMPUT MATER CONTIN, V75, P1751, DOI 10.32604/cmc.2023.031663
TI TinyML-Based Classification in an ECG Monitoring Embedded System
AU Kim E/1; Kim J; Park J; Ko H; Kyung Y
TC 52
SO COMPUT MATER CONTIN
PY 2023
AB Recently, the development of the Internet of Things (IoT) has enabled
   continuous and personal electrocardiogram (ECG) monitoring.  In the ECG
   monitoring system, classification plays an important role because it can
   select useful data (i.e., reduce the size of the dataset) and identify
   abnormal data that can be used to detect the clinical diagnosis and guide
   further treatment.  Since the classification requires computing capability,
   the ECG data are usually delivered to the gateway or the server where the
   classification is performed based on its computing resource.  However, real-
   time ECG data transmission continuously consumes battery and network
   resources, which are expensive and limited.  To mitigate this problem, this
   paper proposes a tiny machine learning (TinyML)-based classification (i.e.,
   TinyCES), where the ECG monitoring device performs the classification by
   itself based on the machine-learning model, which can reduce the memory and
   the network resource usages for the classification.  To demonstrate the
   feasibility, after we configure the convolutional neural networks
   (CNN)-based model using ECG data from the Massachusetts Institute of
   Technology (MIT)-Beth Israel Hospital (BIH) arrhythmia and the Physikalisch
   Technische Bundesanstalt (PTB) diagnostic ECG databases, TinyCES is
   validated using the TinyML-supported Arduino prototype.  The performance
   results show that TinyCES can have an approximately 97% detection ratio,
   which means that it has great potential to be a lightweight and resource-
   efficient ECG monitoring system.  © 2023 Tech Science Press.  All rights
   reserved.
DE arduino; ecg; holter; internet of things ( iot ); tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); computer aided diagnosis; convolutional
   neural networks; gateways ( computer networks ); internet of things; machine
   learning; abnormal data; arduino; embedded-system; holter; internet of
   thing; machine learning; monitoring system; network resource; system
   classification; tiny machine learning; electrocardiograms

---

UT 1338
AR de Oliveira Filho JI, 2023, ADV INTELL SYST, V5, DOI 10.1002/aisy.202300227
TI Empowering Electrochemical Biosensors with AI: Overcoming Interference for
   Precise Dopamine Detection in Complex Samples
AU de Oliveira Filho JI; Faleiros MC; Ferreira DC; Mani V; Salama KN
TC 51
SO ADV INTELL SYST
PY 2023
AB Two significant issues in biosensors that can't be solved by conventional
   analytical methods are selectivity among likely biological interfering
   molecules and background noise in clinical samples.  The application of
   embedded machine learning in the removal of background interference, which
   is extremely common in complex matrix solutions such as cerebrospinal fluid,
   is still unexplored.  The implementation of machine learning into devices
   and sensors can enhance their reliability to discriminate responses.  In
   addition, implementing these models into portable devices can further
   improve the usage of point-of-care devices, continuous monitoring, and viral
   mutation assessments.  Herein, the requirements to implement an embedded AI
   model (TinyML) into low-power portable systems and its use in the
   electrochemical field are presented.  The application of TinyML to
   discriminate between interference of uric acid and ascorbic acid, both well-
   known abundant electrochemically active species, in neurotransmitter
   detection, is explored, reaching overall accuracy of 98.1% for 32-bit float
   point unit and 96.01% after 8-bit quantization, with the usage of 4.55% of
   the custom-made potentiostat memory.  The model can be improved simply by
   having the trade-off between memory and accuracy.  The research suggests
   that TinyML can be a key component in future medical devices, allowing data
   processing in real time and with increasing reliability.  © 2023 The
   Authors.  Advanced Intelligent Systems published by Wiley-VCH GmbH.
DE electrochemical sensors; internet of medical things; machine learning;
   neurotransmitters tinyml
ID amines; biosensors; brain; cerebrospinal fluid; data handling; economic and
   social effects; electrochemical sensors; embedded systems; intelligent
   systems; machine learning; neurophysiology; voltage regulators; analytical
   method; background noise; clinical samples; complex samples; dopamine
   detections; electrochemical biosensor; embedded machines; internet of
   medical thing; machine learning; neurotransmitter tinyml; ascorbic acid

---

UT 1278
AR Srinivasagan R, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23167081
TI TinyML-Sensor for Shelf Life Estimation of Fresh Date Fruits
AU Srinivasagan R; Mohammed M; Alzahrani A
TC 46
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Fresh dates have a limited shelf life and are susceptible to spoilage, which
   can lead to economic losses for producers and suppliers.  The problem of
   accurate shelf life estimation for fresh dates is essential for various
   stakeholders involved in the production, supply, and consumption of dates.
   Modified atmosphere packaging (MAP) is one of the essential methods that
   improves the quality and increases the shelf life of fresh dates by reducing
   the rate of ripening.  Therefore, this study aims to apply fast and cost-
   effective non-destructive techniques based on machine learning (ML) to
   predict and estimate the shelf life of stored fresh date fruits under
   different conditions.  Predicting and estimating the shelf life of stored
   date fruits is essential for scheduling them for consumption at the right
   time in the supply chain to benefit from the nutritional advantages of fresh
   dates.  The study observed the physicochemical attributes of fresh date
   fruits, including moisture content, total soluble solids, sugar content,
   tannin content, pH, and firmness, during storage in a vacuum and MAP at 5
   and 24 °C every 7 days to determine the shelf life using a non-destructive
   approach.  TinyML-compatible regression models were employed to predict the
   stages of fruit development during the storage period.  The decrease in the
   shelf life of the fruits begins when they transition from the Khalal stage
   to the Rutab stage, and the shelf life ends when they start to spoil or
   ripen to the Tamr stage.  Low-cost Visible–Near–Infrared (VisNIR) spectral
   sensors (AS7265x—multi-spectral) were used to capture the internal
   physicochemical attributes of the fresh fruit.  Regression models were
   employed for shelf life estimation.  The findings indicated that vacuum and
   modified atmosphere packaging with 20% CO2 and N balance efficiently
   increased the shelf life of the stored fresh fruit to 53 days and 44 days,
   respectively, when maintained at 5 °C. However, the shelf life decreased to
   44 and 23 days when the vacuum and modified atmosphere packaging with 20%
   CO2 and N balance were maintained at room temperature (24 °C). Edge Impulse
   supports the training and deployment of models on low-cost microcontrollers,
   which can be used to predict real-time estimations of the shelf life of
   fresh dates using TinyML sensors.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); edge computing; food supply chain; modified
   atmosphere; prediction models; regression models; short-wave near-infrared;
   tinyml
ID carbon dioxide; fruit; machine learning; phoeniceae; reproduction; cost
   benefit analysis; cost effectiveness; food-safety; food storage; fruits;
   infrared devices; losses; nondestructive examination; regression analysis;
   supply chains; carbon dioxide; artificial intelligence; date fruits; edge
   computing; food supply chain; modified atmosphere; prediction modeling;
   regression modeling; shelf life; short-wave near-infrared; tinyml; fruit;
   machine learning; phoenix ( plant ); reproduction; forecasting

---

UT 1008
AR Yu X/2, 2023, BIOMED SIGNAL PROCESS CONTROL, V86, DOI
   10.1016/j.bspc.2023.105325
TI A practical wearable fall detection system based on tiny convolutional
   neural networks
AU Yu X/2; Park S; Kim D; Kim E; Kim J/1; Kim W; An Y; Xiong S
TC 45
SO BIOMED SIGNAL PROCESS CONTROL
PY 2023
AB Falls are a major public health problem in a rapidly aging society due to
   their high prevalence and severe consequences among the older population.
   Therefore, automatic fall detection is of primary importance to enable
   timely medical intervention for older fall victims.  The existing fall
   detection methods suffer from either poor robustness or high computational
   cost, limiting their practical applications in wearable fall detection
   systems.  In this study, a tiny convolutional neural network (TinyCNN) with
   two-stage efficient feature extraction was proposed and evaluated on two
   large-scale public fall datasets (KFall and SisFall) collected from wearable
   inertial sensors.  Cross-validation results showed that TinyCNN achieved
   both mean sensitivities and specificities over 99 % on the KFall, and over
   98 % on the SisFall.  While benefiting from the effectiveness of TinyCNN, we
   also addressed its black-box effect using class activation map (CAM).
   Furthermore, by employing quantization techniques, TinyCNN achieved a low
   latency of 0.037 s on an ultra-low-power microcontroller (Arduino Nano BLE
   33 Sense), enabling real-time performance without sacrificing the accuracy.
   Compared with existing state-of-the-art fall detection algorithms, the newly
   proposed TinyCNN yielded a more balanced performance in terms of accuracy
   and practicality.  Inspired by these promising results, we further developed
   a practical wearable prototype system based on this embeddable TinyCNN and
   an accompanying mobile App for automatic fall detection and immediate alarm.
   This AI-enabled wearable system has great potential for real-life fall
   detection applications among older individuals.  © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
DE class activation map; convolutional neural network; fall detection; tinyml;
   wearable sensor
ID chemical activation; convolution; convolutional neural networks; large
   dataset; wearable sensors; nanochain; activation maps; aging societies;
   class activation map; convolutional neural network; detection methods;
   detection system; fall detection; medical intervention; older population;
   tinyml; article; convolutional neural network; cross validation; detection
   algorithm; falling; feature extraction; human; quantization; sensitivity and
   specificity; fall detection

---

UT 1125
AR Butt MA, 2023, COMPUT SECUR, V125, DOI 10.1016/j.cose.2022.103058
TI Towards secure private and trustworthy human-centric embedded machine
   learning: An emotion-aware facial recognition case study
AU Butt MA; Qayyum A; Ali H; Al-Fuqaha A; Qadir J
TC 44
SO COMPUT SECUR
PY 2023
AB The use of artificial intelligence (AI) at the edge is transforming every
   aspect of the lives of human beings from scheduling daily activities to
   personalized shopping recommendations.  Since the success of AI is to be
   measured ultimately in terms of how it benefits human beings, and that the
   data driving the deep learning-based edge AI algorithms are intricately and
   intimately tied to humans, it is important to look at these AI technologies
   through a human-centric lens.  However, despite the significant impact of AI
   design on human interests, the security and trustworthiness of edge AI
   applications are not foolproof and ethicalneither foolproof nor ethical;
   Moreover, social norms are often ignored duringin the design,
   implementation, and deployment of edge AI systems.  In this paper, we make
   the following two contributions: Firstly, we analyze the application of edge
   AI through a human-centric perspective.  More specifically, we present a
   pipeline to develop human-centric embedded machine learning (HC-EML)
   applications leveraging a generic human-centric AI (HCAI) framework.
   Alongside, we also analyzediscuss the privacy, trustworthiness, robustness,
   and security aspects of HC-EML applications with an insider look at their
   challenges and possible solutions along the way.  Secondly, to illustrate
   the gravity of these issues, we present a case study on the task of human
   facial emotion recognition (FER) based on AffectNet dataset, where we
   analyze the effects of widely used input quantization on the security,
   robustness, fairness, and trustworthiness of an EML model.  We find that
   input quantization partially degrades the efficacy of adversarial and
   backdoor attacks at the cost of a slight decrease in accuracy over clean
   inputs.  By analyzing the explanations generated by SHAP, we identify that
   the decision of a FER model is largely influenced by features such as eyes,
   alar crease, lips, and jaws.  Additionally, we note that input quantization
   is notably biased against the dark skin faces, and hypothesize that low-
   contrast features of dark skin faces may be responsible for the observed
   trends.  We conclude with precautionary remarks and guidelines for future
   researchers.  © 2022 The Author(s)
DE adversarial machine learning; embedded machine learning; human-centered
   artificial intelligence; privacy-awareness; robustness; security; tiny
   machine learning; trustworthiness
ID deep learning; ethical technology; face recognition; learning systems;
   network security; speech recognition; adversarial machine learning; embedded
   machine learning; embedded machines; human-centered artificial intelligence;
   machine learning; privacy-awareness; robustness; security; tiny machine
   learning; trustworthiness; emotion recognition

---

UT 1329
AR Alajlan NN, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23125696
TI DDD TinyML: A TinyML-Based Driver Drowsiness Detection Model Using Deep
   Learning
AU Alajlan NN; Ibrahim DM
TC 44
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Driver drowsiness is one of the main causes of traffic accidents today.  In
   recent years, driver drowsiness detection has suffered from issues
   integrating deep learning (DL) with Internet-of-things (IoT) devices due to
   the limited resources of IoT devices, which pose a challenge to fulfilling
   DL models that demand large storage and computation.  Thus, there are
   challenges to meeting the requirements of real-time driver drowsiness
   detection applications that need short latency and lightweight computation.
   To this end, we applied Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to a driver
   drowsiness detection case study.  In this paper, we first present an
   overview of TinyML. After conducting some preliminary experiments, we
   proposed five lightweight DL models that can be deployed on a
   microcontroller.  We applied three DL models: SqueezeNet, AlexNet, and CNN.
   In addition, we adopted two pretrained models (MobileNet-V2 and
   MobileNet-V3) to find the best model in terms of size and accuracy results.
   After that, we applied the optimization methods to DL models using
   quantization.  Three quantization methods were applied: quantization-aware
   training (QAT), full-integer quantization (FIQ), and dynamic range
   quantization (DRQ). The obtained results in terms of the model size show
   that the CNN model achieved the smallest size of 0.05 MB using the DRQ
   method, followed by SqueezeNet, AlexNet MobileNet-V3, and MobileNet-V2, with
   0.141 MB, 0.58 MB, 1.16 MB, and 1.55 MB, respectively.  The result after
   applying the optimization method was 0.9964 accuracy using DRQ in the
   MobileNet-V2 model, which outperformed the other models, followed by the
   SqueezeNet and AlexNet models, with 0.9951 and 0.9924 accuracies,
   respectively, using DRQ. © 2023 by the authors.
DE deep learning; driver drowsiness detection; iot; tinyml
ID accidents traffic; awareness; deep learning; internet of things; machine
   learning; deep learning; learning systems; deep learning; driver drowsiness;
   driver drowsiness detection; drowsiness detection; dynamic range; learning
   models; machine learning; optimization method; quantization; tiny machine
   learning; awareness; deep learning; internet of things; machine learning;
   traffic accident; internet of things

---

UT 1428
AR Albanese A, 2023, IEEE SENSORS J, V23, P1575, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2022.3225227
TI Tiny Machine Learning for High Accuracy Product Quality Inspection
AU Albanese A; Nardello M; Fiacco G; Brunelli D
TC 43
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2023
AB The quality inspection of industrial products is a fundamental step in
   large-scale production as it boosts the yield and reduces the costs.
   Intelligent embedded platforms with built-in tiny machine learning (tinyML)
   algorithms and cameras can automate quality inspection; however, running
   complex deep learning algorithms in low-cost and low-power embedded devices
   is still challenging because of limited memory and energy resources.  This
   article presents an innovative sensor system with three microcontroller unit
   (MCU)-based tinyML cameras capable of automatic artifact and anomaly
   detection in plastic components.  The system consists of a top camera
   responsible for identifying shape defects and two side cameras for color
   anomalies.  Data processing is executed locally with tinyML reducing data
   transmission to a few bytes.  Two state-of-the-art convolutional neural
   network (CNN) architectures are evaluated, namely, MobileNetV2 and
   SqueezeNet.  Results show how both the architectures - with appropriate
   compression techniques - are suitable to be evaluated by resource-
   constrained microcontrollers.  The networks achieve 99% classification
   accuracy while maintaining suitable real-time performance, respectively,
   equal to 5 and 2 frames/s.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE edge processing; industrial internet of things ( iiot ); industry 40; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml ); visual inspection
ID anomaly detection; cameras; costs; data handling; deep learning; energy
   resources; inspection; internet of things; learning algorithms; network
   architecture; neural networks; edge processing; high-accuracy; industrial
   internet of thing; industrial product; large scale productions; machine
   learning; products quality; quality inspection; tinyml; visual inspection;
   industry 40

---

UT 1119
AR Xu K, 2023, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS, V70, P2640, DOI
   10.1109/TCSII.2023.3239044
TI An Ultra-Low Power TinyML System for Real-Time Visual Processing at Edge
AU Xu K; Zhang H/1; Li Y/4; Zhang Y/2; Lai R; Liu Y/2
TC 42
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML), executing AI workloads on resource and power
   strictly restricted systems, is an important and challenging topic.  This
   brief firstly presents an extremely tiny backbone to construct high
   efficiency CNN models for various visual tasks.  Then, a specially designed
   neural co-processor (NCP) is interconnected with MCU to build an ultra-low
   power TinyML system, which stores all features and weights on chip and
   completely removes both of latency and power consumption in off-chip memory
   access.  Moreover, an application specific instruction-set is further
   presented for realizing agile development and rapid deployment.  Extensive
   experiments demonstrate that the proposed TinyML system based on our tiny
   model, NCP and instruction set yields considerable accuracy and achieves a
   record ultra-low power of 160mW while implementing object detection and
   recognition at 30FPS. The demo video is available on
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mIZPxtJ-9EY. © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE application specific instruction set; convolutional neural network; internet
   of things; tiny machine learning
ID convolution; learning systems; low power electronics; memory architecture;
   neural networks; real-time systems; system-on-chip; application specific
   instruction set; convolutional neural network; low power electronics;
   machine learning systems; machine learning; memory-management; random access
   memory; systems-on-chip; tiny machine learning; ultra-low power; object
   detection

---

UT 1408
AR Kim K/1, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23031185
TI Lightweight and Energy-Efficient Deep Learning Accelerator for Real-Time
   Object Detection on Edge Devices
AU Kim K/1; Jang S-J; Park J/3; Lee E; Lee S-S
TC 42
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) has become an emerging field according to the
   rapid growth in the area of the internet of things (IoT). However, most deep
   learning algorithms are too complex, require a lot of memory to store data,
   and consume an enormous amount of energy for calculation/data movement;
   therefore, the algorithms are not suitable for IoT devices such as various
   sensors and imaging systems.  Furthermore, typical hardware accelerators
   cannot be embedded in these resource-constrained edge devices, and they are
   difficult to drive real-time inference processing as well.  To perform the
   real-time processing on these battery-operated devices, deep learning models
   should be compact and hardware-optimized, and hardware accelerator designs
   also have to be lightweight and consume extremely low energy.  Therefore, we
   present an optimized network model through model simplification and
   compression for the hardware to be implemented, and propose a hardware
   architecture for a lightweight and energy-efficient deep learning
   accelerator.  The experimental results demonstrate that our optimized model
   successfully performs object detection, and the proposed hardware design
   achieves 1.25× and 4.27× smaller logic and BRAM size, respectively, and its
   energy consumption is approximately 10.37× lower than previous similar works
   with 43.95 fps as a real-time process under an operating frequency of 100
   MHz on a Xilinx ZC702 FPGA. © 2023 by the authors.
DE deep learning; edge devices; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga );
   hardware accelerator; internet of things ( iot ); object detection; tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )
ID deep learning; digital storage; energy efficiency; energy utilization; field
   programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); internet of things; learning algorithms;
   learning systems; object recognition; deep learning; edge device; field
   programmables; field programmable gate array; hardware accelerators;
   internet of thing; machine learning; objects detection; programmable gate
   array; tiny machine learning; object detection

---

UT 1391
AR Jain V, 2023, IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS, V58, P2360, DOI
   10.1109/JSSC.2023.3236566
TI TinyVers: A Tiny Versatile System-on-Chip with State-Retentive eMRAM for ML
   Inference at the Extreme Edge
AU Jain V; Giraldo S; Roose JD; Mei L/1; Boons B; Verhelst M
TC 39
SO IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS
PY 2023
AB Extreme edge devices or Internet-of-Things (IoT) nodes require both ultra-
   low power (ULP) always-on (AON) processing as well as the ability to do on-
   demand sampling and processing.  Moreover, support for IoT applications,
   such as voice recognition, machine monitoring, and so on, requires the
   ability to execute a wide range of machine learning (ML) workloads.  This
   brings challenges in hardware (HW) design to build flexible processors
   operating in ULP regime.  This article presents TinyVers, a tiny versatile
   ULP ML system-on-chip (SoC) to enable enhanced intelligence at the extreme
   edge.  TinyVers exploits dataflow reconfiguration to enable multi-modal
   support and aggressive on-chip power management for duty cycling to enable
   smart sensing applications.  The SoC combines an reduced instruction set
   computer-V (RISC-V) host processor, a 17-tera operations per second per watt
   (TOPS/W) dataflow reconfigurable ML accelerator, a 1.7- μ W deep sleep wake-
   up controller (WuC), and an embedded magnetoresistive random access memory
   (eMRAM) for boot code and ML parameter retention.  The SoC can perform up to
   17.6 giga operations per second (GOPS) while achieving a power consumption
   range from 1.7 μ W to 20 mW. Multiple ML workloads aimed for diverse
   applications are mapped on the SoC to showcase its flexibility and
   efficiency.  All the models achieve 1-2 TOPS/W of energy efficiency with a
   power consumption below 230 μ W in continuous operation.  In a duty-cycling
   use case for machine monitoring, this power is reduced to below 10 μW.  ©
   1966-2012 IEEE.
DE extreme edge; machine learning ( ml ) accelerators; system-on-chip ( soc );
   tinyml; ultra-low power ( ulp )
ID convolution; electric power utilization; energy efficiency; green computing;
   internet of things; learning systems; power management; programmable logic
   controllers; random access storage; support vector machines; extreme edge;
   hardware; kernel; machine learning  accelerator; machine learning; memory-
   management; support vectors machine; system-on-chip; systems-on-chip; task
   analysis; tinyml; ultra-low power; ultra-low power; system-on-chip

---

UT 1349
AR Hammad SS, 2023, INTERNET THING, V23, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2023.100848
TI An unsupervised TinyML approach applied to the detection of urban noise
   anomalies under the smart cities environment
AU Hammad SS; Iskandaryan D; Trilles S
TC 38
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2023
AB Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) is an emerging area of interest,
   and this can be used to obtain knowledge and take better decisions in the
   same Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  IoT data are prone to anomalies due
   to various factors such as malfunctioning of sensors, low-cost devices, etc.
   Following the AIoT paradigm, this work explores anomaly detection in IoT
   urban noise sensor networks using a Long Short-Term Memory Autoencoder.  Two
   autoencoder models are trained using normal data from two different sensors
   in the sensor network and tested for the detection of two different types of
   anomalies, i.e.  point anomalies and collective anomalies.  The results in
   terms of accuracy of the two models are 99.99% and 99.34%. The trained model
   is quantised, converted to TensorFlow Lite format and deployed on the ESP32
   microcontroller (MCU). The inference time on the microcontroller is 4 ms for
   both models, and the power consumption of the MCU is 0.2693 W ± 0.039 and
   0.3268 W ± 0.015. Heap memory consumption during the execution of the
   program for sensors TA120-T246187 and TA120-T246189 is 528 bytes and 744
   bytes respectively.  © 2023 The Author(s)
DE anomaly detection; artificial intelligence of things; environmental noise;
   microcontroller; tinyml

---

UT 880
AR Bagheri M, 2023, PROCESS SAF ENV PROT, V180, P10, DOI
   10.1016/j.psep.2023.09.072
TI Applications of artificial intelligence technologies in water environments:
   From basic techniques to novel tiny machine learning systems
AU Bagheri M; Farshforoush N; Bagheri K; Shemirani AI
TC 35
SO PROCESS SAF ENV PROT
PY 2023
AB Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) are novel techniques
   to detect hidden patterns in environmental data.  Despite their
   capabilities, these novel technologies have not been seriously used for
   real-world problems, such as real-time environmental monitoring.  This
   survey established a framework to advance the novel applications of AI and
   ML techniques such as Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) in water environments.
   The survey covered deep learning models and their advantages over classical
   ML models.  The deep learning algorithms are the heart of TinyML models and
   are of paramount importance for practical uses in water environments.  This
   survey highlighted the capabilities and discussed the possible applications
   of the TinyML models in water environments.  This study indicated that the
   TinyML models on microcontrollers are useful for a number of cutting-edge
   problems in water environments, especially for monitoring purposes.  The
   TinyML models on microcontrollers allow for in situ real-time environmental
   monitoring without transferring data to the cloud.  It is concluded that
   monitoring systems based on TinyML models offer cheap tools to autonomously
   track pollutants in water and can replace traditional monitoring methods.  ©
   2023 The Institution of Chemical Engineers
DE artificial intelligence; deep learning; microcontrollers; monitoring; tinyml
ID deep learning; environmental technology; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; water pollution; artificial intelligence learning; artificial
   intelligence technologies; deep learning; environmental monitoring; machine
   learning models; machine learning systems; machine learning; real- time;
   tiny machine learning; water environments; microcontrollers

---

UT 1015
AR Mohammed M, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151712871
TI Machine-Learning-Based Spectroscopic Technique for Non-Destructive
   Estimation of Shelf Life and Quality of Fresh Fruits Packaged under Modified
   Atmospheres
AU Mohammed M; Srinivasagan R; Alzahrani A; Alqahtani NK
TC 34
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB The safety and quality of fresh fruits deserve the greatest attention, and
   are a priority for producers and consumers alike.  Modern technologies are
   crucial to accurately estimating and predicting fresh fruits’ quality and
   shelf life, to optimize supply chain management.  Modified atmosphere
   packaging (MAP) is an essential method that maintains quality parameters and
   increases the shelf life of fresh fruits by reducing their ripening rates.
   This study aimed to develop a cost-effective, non-destructive technique
   using tiny machine learning (TinyML) and a multispectral sensor to
   predict/estimate the quality parameters and shelf life of packaged fresh
   dates under the natural atmosphere (Control), vacuum-sealed bags (VSBs), and
   MAP with different gas combinations: 20% CO2 + N balance (MAP1), and 20% CO2
   + 10% O2 + N balance (MAP2). The shelf life and quality parameters of the
   packaged fresh dates (pH, total soluble solids (TSSs), sugar content (SC),
   moisture content (MC), and tannin content (TC)) were evaluated under
   different storage temperatures and times.  A multispectral sensor (AS7265x)
   was utilized to correlate the fruit quality parameters with spectrum
   analysis under the same storage conditions, to prepare the dataset to train
   the prediction models.  The prediction models were trained in the Edge
   Impulse Platform, and deployed to an Arduino Nano 33 BLE sense
   microcontroller unit (MCU) for inference.  The findings indicated that the
   vacuum and MAP1 efficiently increased the shelf life and maintained the
   quality parameters of the packaged fresh fruit to 43 ± 2.39 and 39 ± 3.34
   days, respectively, at 5 °C. The optimal neural network consisted of the
   input layer with 20 nodes (the packaging type, storage temperature, and 18
   channels of the spectral sensor data at 410 to 940 nm wavelengths), two
   hidden layers with 20 and 12 nodes, and an output layer with one node for
   the target quality parameter or shelf life.  These optimal prediction models
   efficiently predicted the shelf life with R2 = 0.951, pH with R2 = 0.854,
   TSSs with R2 = 0.893, SC with R2 = 0.881, MC with R2 = 0.941, and TC with R2
   = 0.909. The evaluation of the developed prediction models under each
   packaging condition indicated that these models serve as powerful tools for
   accurately predicting fruit quality parameters, and estimating the shelf
   life of fresh dates.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE ai; estimation; food preservation; multispectral sensors; near-infrared;
   neural networks; nondestructive evaluation; prediction; tinyml
ID artificial neural network; machine learning; moisture content; prediction;
   preservation; ripening; spectral analysis; tannin

---

UT 1377
AR Dhaou IB, 2023, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V12, DOI 10.3390/electronics12194041
TI Design and Implementation of an Internet-of-Things-Enabled Smart Meter and
   Smart Plug for Home-Energy-Management System
AU Dhaou IB
TC 34
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2023
AB The demand response program is an important feature of the smart grid.  It
   attempts to reduce peak demand, improve the smart grid efficiency, and
   ensure system reliability.  Implementing demand-response programs in
   residential and commercial buildings requires the use of smart meters and
   smart plugs.  In this paper, we propose an architecture for a home-energy-
   management system based on the fog-computing paradigm, an Internet-of-
   Things-enabled smart plug, and a smart meter.  The smart plug measures in
   real-time the root mean square (RMS) value of the current, frequency, power
   factor, active power, and reactive power.  These readings are subsequently
   transmitted to the smart meter through the Zigbee network.  Tiny machine
   learning algorithms are used at the smart meter to identify appliances
   automatically.  The smart meter and smart plug were prototyped by using
   Raspberry Pi and Arduino, respectively.  The smart plug’s accuracy was
   quantified by comparing it to laboratory measurements.  To assess the speed
   and precision of the small machine learning algorithm, a publicly accessible
   dataset was utilized.  The obtained results indicate that the accuracy of
   both the smart meter and the smart plug exceeds 97% and 99%, respectively.
   The execution of the trained decision tree and support vector machine
   algorithms was verified on the Raspberry Pi 3 Model B Rev 1.2, operating at
   a clock speed of 600 MHz.  The measured latency for the decision tree
   classifier’s inference was 1.59 microseconds.  In a practical situation, the
   time-of-use-based demand-response program can reduce the power cost by about
   30%. © 2023 by the author.
DE advanced metering infrastructure; demand-side management; embedded-system;
   fog computing; internet of things; raspberry pi; smart meter; smart plug;
   tinyml; zigbee

---

UT 1444
AR Nagaty KA, 2023, FRONT QUAL ELECTRON DES (QED) AI IOT HARDW SECUR, P465, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-16344-9_12
TI IoT Commercial and Industrial Applications and Al-Powered IoT
AU Nagaty KA
TC 31
SO FRONT QUAL ELECTRON DES (QED) AI IOT HARDW SECUR
PY 2023
AB This chapter introduces an overview on the commercial and industrial
   applications.  The goal is to provide a comprehensive overview of IoT
   applications commercially and industrially.  Commercial applications of IoT
   cover our daily life environments such as healthcare, retail, tourism and
   hospitality, and digital marketing.  Industrial applications of IoT cover
   wearables, maintenance management, manufacturing, agriculture, water supply,
   smart cities, financial services, oil and gas mining, warehousing,
   transportation and telematics, and smart building.  We show that the
   enhanced capabilities of IoT play an important role to increase commercial
   benefits, increase efficiency, save time, improve safety, and improve
   operational processes while reducing operational costs of IoT systems which
   make them more productive.  There are also IoT data analytics, IoT security
   risks, threats, and privacy issues due to their importance for IoT
   applications.  Finally, AI-powered IoT is discussed where tiny machine
   learning enables large AI algorithms run efficiently on low-resource
   devices.  © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG 2023.
DE agriculture; ai-powered iot; applications; data analytics; digital
   marketing; digital marketing; healthcare; industry; internet of things ( iot
   ); manufacture; oil and gas mining; privacy; retail industry; security;
   smart building; smart cities; tinyml; tourism and hospitality;
   transportation

---

UT 1364
AR Hussain A, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P57, DOI 10.1145/3567445.3567456
TI Jamming Detection in IoT Wireless Networks: An Edge-AI Based Approach
AU Hussain A; Abughanam N; Qadir J; Mohamed A
TC 30
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Wireless enabling technologies in critical infrastructures are increasing
   the efficiency of communications.  In the era of 5G and beyond, more
   technologies will be allowed to connect to mobile networks, enabling the
   Internet of Things (IoT) on a massive scale.  Most of these technologies are
   vulnerable to physical-layer security attacks, namely jamming.  Jamming
   attacks are among the most effective techniques to attack and compromise the
   availability of these wireless technologies.  Jamming is an interfering
   signal that limits the intended receiver from correctly receiving the
   messages.  Once the adversary deploys a jammer in a wireless network, jammer
   detection becomes difficult, if not impossible, due to the inaccessibility
   of the affected devices in the network.  This paper extends the state-of-
   the-art jamming detection and classification methods by proposing an
   effective IoT Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)-based approach, where a trained
   deep learning model is deployed on an IoT edge device, namely a Raspberry
   Pi.  The model is built using TensorFlow and deployed on the IoT device
   using TensorFlow lite.  The trained model encompasses two commonly known
   jamming types: constant and periodic, in addition to the normal channel
   state.  The Raspberry Pi is connected to a Software Defined Radio (SDR) that
   continuously senses the WiFi channel and acquires Received Signal Strength
   (RSS) readings which the TinyML model evaluates to detect the presence of
   jamming and its type.  We release both the procedure and collected dataset
   for the different types of jamming as open source.  Finally, we conducted an
   extensive testing campaign to test, evaluate, and illustrate the
   effectiveness of the proposed TinyML-based detection on the edge scheme.  ©
   2022 Association for Computing Machinery.
DE deep learning; edge ai; internet of things; jamming; tensorflow; tinyml;
   wireless communication
ID 5g mobile communication systems; deep learning; jamming; learning systems;
   network layers; open source software; signal receivers; software radio;
   wireless networks; deep learning; edge ai; jammers; jamming; machine
   learning; physical layer security; tensorflow; tiny machine learning;
   wireless communications; wireless enabling technologies; internet of things

---

UT 1464
AR Delnevo G, 2023, INTERNET THING, V22, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2023.100729
TI An evaluation methodology to determine the actual limitations of a TinyML-
   based solution
AU Delnevo G; Mirri S; Prandi C; Manzoni P
TC 30
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2023
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is an expanding research area based on
   pushing intelligence to the edge and bringing machine learning techniques to
   very small devices and embedded systems applications.  TinyML reduces energy
   expenditure, uses low bandwidth communications technologies, and adds more
   privacy to the developed applications.  This work, proposes an evaluation
   methodology to determine the limitations of a TinyML-based solution starting
   from creating and preparing the required dataset.  Then, the training of the
   selected machine learning algorithms is detailed, together with the
   consequent evaluation, and how the experiments must be structured.  Four
   metrics were usedto evaluate the performance of the machine learning
   algorithms in the various tasks: precision, recall, f1-score, and accuracy.
   Finally, a comparison ofthe performance of a wide range of machine learning
   algorithms (i.e., Random Forest, Decision Tree, Support Vector Classifier,
   Logistic Regression, Gaussian Naive Bayes, and Multi-Layer Perceptron) is
   presented.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE actual limitations; evaluation methodology; machine learning algorithms;
   tinyml

---

UT 561
AR Atanane O, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23229210
TI Smart Buildings: Water Leakage Detection Using TinyML
AU Atanane O; Mourhir A; Benamar N; Zennaro M
TC 29
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB The escalating global water usage and the increasing strain on major cities
   due to water shortages highlights the critical need for efficient water
   management practices.  In water-stressed regions worldwide, significant
   water wastage is primarily attributed to leakages, inefficient use, and
   aging infrastructure.  Undetected water leakages in buildings’ pipelines
   contribute to the water waste problem.  To address this issue, an effective
   water leak detection method is required.  In this paper, we explore the
   application of edge computing in smart buildings to enhance water
   management.  By integrating sensors and embedded Machine Learning models,
   known as TinyML, smart water management systems can collect real-time data,
   analyze it, and make accurate decisions for efficient water utilization.
   The transition to TinyML enables faster and more cost-effective local
   decision-making, reducing the dependence on centralized entities.  In this
   work, we propose a solution that can be adapted for effective leakage
   detection in real-world scenarios with minimum human intervention using
   TinyML. We follow an approach that is similar to a typical machine learning
   lifecycle in production, spanning stages including data collection,
   training, hyperparameter tuning, offline evaluation and model optimization
   for on-device resource efficiency before deployment.  In this work, we
   considered an existing water leakage acoustic dataset for polyvinyl chloride
   pipelines.  To prepare the acoustic data for analysis, we performed
   preprocessing to transform it into scalograms.  We devised a water leak
   detection method by applying transfer learning to five distinct
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) variants, which are namely EfficientNet,
   ResNet, AlexNet, MobileNet V1, and MobileNet V2. The CNN models were found
   to be able to detect leakages where a maximum testing accuracy, recall,
   precision, and F1 score of 97.45%, 98.57%, 96.70%, and 97.63%, respectively,
   were observed using the EfficientNet model.  To enable seamless deployment
   on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE edge device, the EfficientNet model is compressed
   using quantization resulting in a low inference time of 1932 ms, a peak RAM
   usage of 255.3 kilobytes, and a flash usage requirement of merely 48.7
   kilobytes.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE accelerometer; acoustic data; cnn; deep learning; efficientnet; scalogram;
   tinyml
ID chlorine compounds; convolutional neural networks; cost effectiveness; data
   acquisition; decision making; deep learning; embedded systems; information
   management; leak detection; learning systems; life cycle; polyvinyl
   chlorides; real-time systems; water management; polyvinylchloride; water;
   acoustic data; convolutional neural network; deep learning; efficientnet;
   leakage detection; scalogram; tinyml; water leak detection; water leakage;
   waters managements; accelerometer; aging; article; child; controlled study;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; female; human; machine
   learning; major clinical study; quantization; residual neural network;
   sensor; transfer of learning; wastewater; water management; pipelines

---

UT 1273
AR Moosmann J, 2023, AICAS - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST
   PROCEEDING, DOI 10.1109/AICAS57966.2023.10168657
TI TinyissimoYOLO: A Quantized, Low-Memory Footprint, TinyML Object Detection
   Network for Low Power Microcontrollers
AU Moosmann J; Giordano M; Vogt C; Magno M
TC 29
SO AICAS - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST PROCEEDING
PY 2023
AB This paper introduces a highly flexible, quantized, memory-efficient, and
   ultra-lightweight object detection network, called TinyissimoYOLO. It aims
   to enable object detection on microcontrollers in the power domain of
   milliwatts, with less than 0.5 MB memory available for storing convolutional
   neural network (CNN) weights.  The proposed quantized network architecture
   with 422 k parameters, enables real-time object detection on embedded
   microcontrollers, and it has been evaluated to exploit CNN accelerators.  In
   particular, the proposed network has been deployed on the MAX78000
   microcontroller achieving high frame-rate of up to 180 fps and an ultra-low
   energy consumption of only 196 μJ per inference with an inference efficiency
   of more than 106 MAC/Cycle.  TinyissimoYOLO can be trained for any multi-
   object detection.  However, considering the small network size, adding
   object detection classes will increase the size and memory consumption of
   the network, thus object detection with up to 3 classes is demonstrated.
   Furthermore, the network is trained using quantization-aware training and
   deployed with 8-bit quantization on different microcontrollers, such as
   STM32H7A3, STM32L4R9, Apollo4b and on the MAX78000's CNN accelerator.
   Performance evaluations are presented in this paper.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE cnn accelerator; computer vision; microcontroller; ml; object detection;
   quantization; quantization-aware training; yolo
ID computer vision; controllers; convolutional neural networks; energy
   utilization; low power electronics; network architecture; object detection;
   object recognition; convolutional neural network; convolutional neural
   network accelerator; detection networks; low memory; ml; objects detection;
   quantization; quantization-aware training; yolo; microcontrollers

---

UT 1282
AR Sanchez-Iborra R, 2023, INFORM, V34, P147, DOI 10.15388/22-INFOR505
TI Intelligent and Efficient IoT Through the Cooperation of TinyML and Edge
   Computing
AU Sanchez-Iborra R; Zoubir A; Hamdouchi A; Idri A; Skarmeta A
TC 29
SO INFORM
PY 2023
AB The coordinated integration of heterogeneous TinyML-enabled elements in
   highly distributed Internet of Things (IoT) environments paves the way for
   the development of truly intelligent and context-aware applications.  In
   this work, we propose a hierarchical ensemble TinyML scheme that permits
   system-wide decisions by considering the individual decisions made by the
   IoT elements deployed in a certain scenario.  A two-layered TinyML-based
   edge computing solution has been implemented and evaluated in a real smart-
   agriculture use case, permitting to save wireless transmissions, reduce
   energy consumption and response times, at the same time strengthening data
   privacy and security.  © 2023 Vilnius University.
DE ensemble learning; iot; lorawan; smart agriculture; tinyml
ID agriculture; data privacy; edge computing; energy utilization; computing
   solutions; context-aware applications; edge computing; ensemble learning;
   hierarchical ensemble; lorawan; permit systems; smart agricultures; tinyml;
   wireless transmissions; internet of things

---

UT 543
AR Lin T-H, 2023, AUTOM CONSTR, V155, DOI 10.1016/j.autcon.2023.105038
TI AI-powered shotcrete robot for enhancing structural integrity using ultra-
   high performance concrete and visual recognition
AU Lin T-H; Chang C-T; Yang B-H; Hung C-C; Wen K-W
TC 28
SO AUTOM CONSTR
PY 2023
AB The integration of the shotcrete system with Ultra-High Performance Concrete
   (UHPC) to reinforce deficient concrete structures has been recognized as
   having significant potential.  However, the execution of manual spraying
   operations within confined spaces or hazardous environments presents
   considerable risks, thereby highlighting the pressing necessity for
   implementing robotic solutions.  This research focuses on developing an AI-
   powered shotcrete spraying robot prototype to address these challenges.
   Integrating ultra-high performance concrete (UHPC) and visual recognition
   techniques, the robot is designed to identify and repair concrete defects in
   real-time automatically.  Defect detection is conducted using Google's
   MobileNetV1, a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based algorithm, which
   provides results comparable to standard CNNs with lower computational costs.
   The findings of this study indicate that the robot can precisely identify
   and reinforce defects using advanced UHPC materials, which offer superior
   mechanical properties and durability compared to conventional shotcrete.
   This performance is substantiated by F1-scores exceeding 90% for both
   training and testing datasets, with the Float32 model outperforming the Int8
   model, yielding an impressive 98.0% accuracy compared to 94.2%. These
   results underline the feasibility and practicality of the proposed AI-
   powered shotcrete robot concept.  This technological advancement could
   revolutionize concrete defect repair in challenging environments, such as
   large-span bridges, dams, and high-risk areas, enhancing safety and
   efficiency.  Lastly, this prototype presents significant potential for
   future automatic concrete defect repair advancements.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE ai-powered robot; defect repairing; tiny machine learning; uhpc; vision
   recognition
ID computer vision; convolutional neural networks; durability; high performance
   concrete; machine learning; repair; ai-powered robot; concrete defects;
   confined space; defect repair; defect repairing; machine learning; shotcrete
   robot; tiny machine learning; vision recognition; visual recognition; robots

---

UT 726
AR Prakash S, 2023, COMMUN ACM, V66, P68, DOI 10.1145/3608473
TI Is TinyML Sustainable?
AU Prakash S; Stewart M; Banbury C; Mazumder M; Warden P; Plancher B; Reddi VJ
TC 26
SO COMMUN ACM
PY 2023
AB Assessing the environmental impacts of machine learning on microcontrollers.
   © 2023 Owner/Author.
ID machine learning; environmental impact

---

UT 1118
AR Tsoukas V, 2023, TECHNOL, V11, DOI 10.3390/technologies11020045
TI A Gas Leakage Detection Device Based on the Technology of TinyML †
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Boumpa E; Papafotikas S; Kakarountas A
TC 25
SO TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB Internet of Things devices are frequently used as consumer devices to
   provide digital solutions, such as smart lighting and digital voice-
   activated assistants, but they are also employed to alert residents in the
   instance of an emergency.  Given the increasingly costly nature of present
   neural network systems, it is necessary to transport information to the
   cloud for intelligent machine analysis.  TinyML is a potential technology
   that has been presented by the research world for building fully independent
   and safe devices that can gather, analyze, and produce data, without
   transferring it to distant organizations.  This paper describes a gas
   leakage detection system based on TinyML. The proposed solution can be
   programmed to identify anomalies and warn occupants via the utilization of
   the BLE technology, in addition to an incorporated LCD screen.  Experiments
   have been employed to show and assess two distinct test situations.  For the
   first occasion, the smoke detection test case, the system earned an F1-Score
   of 0.77, whereas the F1-Score for the ammonia test case was 0.70. © 2023 by
   the authors.
DE deep learning; gas detection; internet of things; machine learning; smart
   homes; tinyml

---

UT 1306
AR Prakash S, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT SYMP PERFORM ANAL SYST SOFTW ISPASS, P157,
   DOI 10.1109/ISPASS57527.2023.00024
TI CFU Playground: Full-Stack Open-Source Framework for Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) Acceleration on FPGAs
AU Prakash S; Callahan T; Bushagour J; Banbury C; Green AV; Warden P; Ansell T;
   Reddi VJ
TC 25
SO PROC - IEEE INT SYMP PERFORM ANAL SYST SOFTW ISPASS
PY 2023
AB Need for the efficient processing of neural networks has given rise to the
   development of hardware accelerators.  The increased adoption of specialized
   hardware has highlighted the need for more agile design flows for hardware-
   software co-design and domain-specific optimizations.  In this paper, we
   present CFU Playground - a full-stack open-source framework that enables
   rapid and iterative design and evaluation of machine learning (ML)
   accelerators for embedded ML systems.  Our tool provides a completely open-
   source end-to-end flow for hardwaresoftware co-design on FPGAs and future
   systems research.  This full-stack framework gives the users access to
   explore experimental and bespoke architectures that are customized and co-
   optimized for embedded ML. Our rapid, deploy-profileoptimization feedback
   loop lets ML hardware and software developers achieve significant returns
   out of a relatively small investment in customization.  Using CFU
   Playground's design and evaluation loop, we show substantial speedups
   between 55 × and 75 ×. The soft CPU coupled with the accelerator opens up a
   new, rich design space between the two components that we explore in an
   automated fashion using Vizier, an open-source black-box optimization
   service.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE fpgas; hardware acceleration; open source; tinyml
ID embedded systems; hardware-software codesign; integrated circuit design;
   machine learning; open source software; open systems; optimization; design
   and evaluations; embedded machines; hardware acceleration; hardware
   accelerators; machine learning; neural networks; open source frameworks;
   open source; specialized hardware; tiny machine learning; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 746
AR Nooruddin S, 2023, FUSION, V100, DOI 10.1016/j.inffus.2023.101953
TI A multi-resolution fusion approach for human activity recognition from video
   data in tiny edge devices
AU Nooruddin S; Islam MM; Karray F; Muhammad G
TC 24
SO FUSION
PY 2023
AB Human Activity Recognition (HAR) is the process of automatic recognition of
   Activities of Daily Living (ADL) from human motion data captured in various
   data modalities by wearable and ambient sensors.  Advances in Deep Learning,
   especially Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and sequential models have
   revolutionalized HAR from video data sources.  Although these models are
   incredibly accurate and utilize both spatial and temporal information, they
   require huge computation and memory resources — making them unsuitable for
   edge or wearable applications.  Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) aims to
   optimize these models in terms of compute and memory requirements – aiming
   to make them suitable for always-on resource constrained devices – leading
   to a reduction in communication latency and network traffic for HAR
   frameworks.  In this paper, we propose a two-stream multi-resolution fusion
   architecture for HAR from video data modality.  The context stream takes a
   resized image as input and the fovea stream takes the cropped center portion
   of the resized image as input, reducing the overall dimensionality.  We
   tested two quantization methods: Post-Training Quantization (PTQ) and
   Quantization Aware Training (QAT) to optimize these models for deployment in
   edge devices and tested the performance in two challenging video datasets:
   KTH and UCF11. We performed ablation studies to validate the two-stream
   model performance.  We deployed the proposed architecture in commercial
   resource constrained devices and monitored their performance in terms of
   inference latency and power consumption.  The results indicate that the
   proposed architecture clearly outperforms other relevant single-stream
   models tested in this work in terms of accuracy, precision, recall, and
   F1-Score while also reducing the overall model size.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE convolutional neural network; deep learning; human activity recognition;
   resource-constrained devices; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; convolution; convolutional neural networks; deep
   learning; learning systems; memory architecture; video recording;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; human activity recognition;
   machine learning; performance; quantization; resource-constrained devices;
   tiny machine learning; two-stream; video data; network architecture

---

UT 1059
AR Chen Z/1, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2023.3308251
TI LOPdM: A Low-Power On-Device Predictive Maintenance System Based on Self-
   Powered Sensing and TinyML
AU Chen Z/1; Gao Y/1; Liang J
TC 24
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB Predictive maintenance (PdM) has emerged as a prominent strategy that can
   recognize the current state and predict the future trend of machines.  It
   helps prevent disastrous breakdowns.  Such systems were mostly realized
   based on artificial intelligence (AI) models that run on resource-rich and
   power-hungry servers.  To meet the ultralow-power, low-cost, and on-device-
   inferring demands, in this article, we introduce a self-contained low-power
   on-device PdM (LOPdM) system based on the cutting-edge self-powered sensor
   (SPS) and tiny machine learning (TinyML) techniques.  A rich dataset is
   collected with an SPS in a simulated vibration environment.  The collected
   data is analyzed using six established AI models.  Under an ultrashort data
   length, small data number, and low sampling rate condition, the random
   forest (RF) and the deep neural network (DNN) stand out with up to 99%
   precision.  The trained model is then deployed on an embedded system for in
   situ inferring and condition-based PdM. Power measurement is carefully
   conducted to compare the power consumption using an inertial measurement
   unit (IMU) or an SPS, respectively.  It shows that the SPS-based system can
   save up to 66.8% of energy.  An all-in-one prototype is assembled and
   utilized in field tests.  It makes a high accuracy in malfunctions
   identification.  As an interdisciplinary study, the development of LOPdM
   provides valuable guidance for future ubiquitous AI applications.  ©
   1963-2012 IEEE.
DE internet of things ( iot ); predictive maintenance ( pdm ); self-powered
   sensing; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID cost engineering; deep neural networks; maintenance; intelligence models;
   low power; machine learning; maintenance systems; performances evaluation;
   predictive maintenance; self-powered; self-powered sensing; tiny machine
   learning; vibration; internet of things

---

UT 1442
AR Ren H, 2023, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, V2023-June, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN54540.2023.10191845
TI TinyReptile: TinyML with Federated Meta-Learning
AU Ren H; Anicic D; A Runkler T
TC 24
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a rapidly growing field aiming to
   democratize machine learning (ML) for resource-constrained microcontrollers
   (MCUs). Given the pervasiveness of these tiny devices, it is inherent to ask
   whether TinyML applications can benefit from aggregating their knowledge.
   Federated learning (FL) enables decentralized agents to jointly learn a
   global model without sharing sensitive local data.  However, a common global
   model may not work for all devices due to the complexity of the actual
   deployment environment and the heterogeneity of the data available on each
   device.  In addition, the deployment of TinyML hardware has significant
   computational and communication constraints, which traditional ML fails to
   address.  Considering these challenges, we propose TinyReptile, a simple but
   efficient algorithm inspired by meta-learning and online learning, to
   collaboratively learn a solid initialization for a neural network (NN)
   across tiny devices that can be quickly adapted to a new device with respect
   to its data.  We demonstrate TinyReptile on Raspberry Pi 4 and Cortex-M4 MCU
   with only 256-KB RAM. The evaluations on various TinyML use cases confirm a
   resource reduction and training time saving by at least two factors compared
   with baseline algorithms with comparable performance.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE federated learning; internet of things; meta-learning; microcontroller;
   neural networks; online learning; tiny machine learning
ID e-learning; internet of things; machine learning; decentralized; federated
   learning; global models; learn+; machine learning applications; machine
   learning; meta-learning; neural networks; online learning; tiny machine
   learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 1395
AR Hashir M, 2023, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS46773.2023.10181746
TI A TinyML based Portable, Low-Cost Microwave Head Imaging System for Brain
   Stroke Detection
AU Hashir M; Khalid N; Mahmood N; Rehman MA; Asad M; Mehmood MQ; Zubair M;
   Massoud Y
TC 23
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB Microwave Imaging (MWI) has emerged as a potential candidate for brain
   stroke detection due to its low cost, time efficiency and accurate nature
   when compared to other screening techniques.  TinyML is a revolutionary
   technique for utilizing AI in portable and low-powered devices.  The need
   for more compact and concise systems grows by the day in order to provide
   smart services, particularly in the medical arena.  This paper tries to
   fulfil these requirements by presenting the first-ever portable MWI-based
   TinyML brain stroke detection system with high accuracy.  The head-imaging
   dataset, utilized here for the training of models, provides open-source data
   generated by our prototype head imaging system consisting of a low-cost
   vector network analyzer, single-board computer, rotating motor setup, and a
   Vivaldi antenna.  The Tiny ML model is a compressed-size model of our
   proposed Deep Learning (DL) framework that obtains an accuracy of 93% on
   testing data with an F1-score of 0.929 deployed on the single-board
   computer.  The compressed model obtained by pruning or quantization is not
   only small in size but also retains the above 90% accuracy of the DL model.
   This work reassures the possibility of successful deployment of Tiny ML-
   based solutions in microwave imaging systems for medical diagnostic
   applications in low-resource settings.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE brain stroke; deep learning ( dl ); machine learning ( ml ); microwave
   imaging ( mwi ); tinyml
ID antennas; costs; deep learning; diagnosis; electric network analyzers;
   learning systems; medical imaging; open systems; brain strokes; deep
   learning; head imaging; low-costs; machine learning; machine learning;
   microwave imaging; single board computers; stroke detection; tinyml; imaging
   systems

---

UT 780
AR Kusuma Wardana IN, 2023, IEEE SENSORS LET, V7, DOI
   10.1109/LSENS.2023.3315249
TI TinyML Models for a Low-Cost Air Quality Monitoring Device
AU Kusuma Wardana IN; Fahmy SA; Gardner JW
TC 22
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2023
AB Low-cost air quality monitoring devices can provide high-density
   spatiotemporal pollution data, thus offering a better opportunity to apply
   machine learning (ML). Low-cost sensor nodes usually utilize
   microcontrollers as the main processors, and tinyML brings ML models to
   these resource-constrained devices.  In this letter, we report the
   development of a low-cost air quality monitoring device with embedded tinyML
   models.  We deploy two tinyML models on a single microcontroller and perform
   two tasks: predicting air quality and power parameters (using model
   predictor) and imputing missing features (using model imputer). The proposed
   model predictor can estimate parameters with a coefficient of determination
   above 0.70, and the model imputer effectively estimates the testing data
   when missing rates are below 80%. By performing the posttraining
   quantization technique, we can further reduce the model size but slightly
   degrade the accuracies.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE air quality prediction; low-cost devices; microcontrollers; missing data;
   sensor applications; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID air quality; controllers; costs; machine learning; microcontrollers; sensor
   nodes; air quality monitoring; air quality prediction; atmospheric modeling;
   low-cost devices; low-costs; machine learning; missing data; monitoring
   device; predictive models; tinyml; temperature measurement

---

UT 1143
AR Mai N-D, 2023, IEEE ACCESS, V11, P47258, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3276244
TI Real-Time On-Chip Machine-Learning-Based Wearable Behind-The-Ear
   Electroencephalogram Device for Emotion Recognition
AU Mai N-D; Nguyen H-T; Chung W-Y
TC 22
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2023
AB In this study, we propose an end-to-end emotion recognition system using an
   ear-electroencephalogram (EEG)-based on-chip device that is enabled using
   the machine-learning model.  The system has an integrated device that
   gathers EEG signals from electrodes positioned behind the ear; it is more
   practical than the conventional scalp-EEG method.  The relative power
   spectral density (PSD), which is the feature used in this study, is derived
   using the fast Fourier transform over five frequency bands.  Directly on the
   embedded device, data preprocessing and feature extraction were carried out.
   Three standard machine learning models, namely, support vector machine
   (SVM), multilayer perceptron (MLP), and one-dimensional convolutional neural
   network (1D-CNN), were trained on these rich emotion classification
   features.  The traditional approach, which integrates a model into the
   application software on a personal computer (PC), is cumbersome and lacks
   mobility, which makes it challenging to use in real-life applications.
   Besides, the PC-based system is not sufficiently real-time because of the
   connection latency from the EEG data acquisition device.  To overcome these
   limitations, we propose a wearable device capable of performing on-chip
   machine learning and signal processing on the EEG data immediately after the
   acquisition task for the real-time result.  In order to perform on-chip
   machine learning for the real-time prediction of emotions, 1D-CNN was chosen
   as a pre-trained model using the relative PSD characteristics as input based
   on the evaluation of the set results.  Additionally, we developed a
   smartphone application that alerted the user whenever a negative emotional
   state was identified and displayed the information in real life.  Our test
   results demonstrated the feasibility and practicability of our embedded
   system for real-time emotion recognition.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE electroencephalogram ( eeg ); emotion recognition; multilayer perceptron (
   mlp ); one-dimensional convolutional neural network ( 1d-cnn ); power
   spectral density ( psd ); real-time eeg system; support vector machine ( svm
   ); tiny machine learning
ID application programs; biomedical signal processing; convolution; data
   acquisition; electrodes; electroencephalography; electrophysiology; fast
   fourier transforms; interactive computer systems; learning systems;
   multilayers; personal computers; power spectral density; real-time systems;
   speech recognition; support vector machines; brain modeling; convolutional
   neural network; electroencephalogram; emotion recognition; machine learning;
   multilayer perceptron; multilayers perceptrons; one-dimensional; one-
   dimensional convolutional neural network ( 1d-cnn ); power spectral density;
   real-time system; real- time; real-time electroencephalogram system; support
   vector machine; support vectors machine; tiny machine learning; emotion
   recognition

---

UT 1467
AR Ancilotto A, 2023, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT VIS, P16922, DOI
   10.1109/ICCV51070.2023.01556
TI XiNet: Efficient Neural Networks for tinyML
AU Ancilotto A; Paissan F; Farella E
TC 21
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT VIS
PY 2023
AB The recent interest in the edge-to-cloud continuum paradigm has emphasized
   the need for simple and scalable architectures to deliver optimal
   performance on computationally constrained devices.  However, resource-
   efficient neural networks usually optimize for parameter count and thus use
   operators such as depthwise convolutions, which do not maximally exploit the
   efficiency of resource-constrained devices.  In this article, we propose
   XiNet, a novel convolutional neural architecture that targets edge devices.
   We derived the XiNet architecture from an extensive real-world efficiency
   analysis of various neural network operators (e.g., standard, depthwise, and
   pointwise convolutions). Compared to other mobile architectures, our
   approach substantially improves the performance-complexity trade-off by
   optimizing the number of operations, parameters, and working memory (RAM).
   Moreover, we show how XiNet can be easily adapted to different devices
   thanks to Hardware Aware Scaling (HAS), which enables disjoint optimization
   of RAM, FLASH, and operations count.  We analyze the scaling properties of
   our architecture under different hardware constraints and validate it on the
   image classification task.  Finally, we evaluate the performance of XiNet
   for object detection on the MS-COCO and VOC-2012 benchmarks and compare it
   with state-of-the-art mobile neural networks, achieving a 70% reduction in
   energy requirements with similar performance.  © 2023 IEEE.
ID benchmarking; constrained optimization; economic and social effects; memory
   architecture; network architecture; object detection; random access storage;
   constrained devices; neural architectures; neural networks; optimal
   performance; real-world; resource-efficient; resource-constrained devices;
   scalable architectures; simple++; convolution

---

UT 637
AR Tortorella Y, 2023, FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST, V149, P122, DOI
   10.1016/j.future.2023.07.002
TI RedMule: A mixed-precision matrix–matrix operation engine for flexible and
   energy-efficient on-chip linear algebra and TinyML training acceleration
AU Tortorella Y; Bertaccini L; Benini L; Rossi D; Conti F
TC 20
SO FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST
PY 2023
AB The increasing interest in TinyML, i.e., near-sensor machine learning on
   power budgets of a few tens of mW, is currently pushing toward enabling
   TinyML-class training as opposed to inference only.  Current training
   algorithms, based on various forms of error and gradient backpropagation,
   rely on floating-point matrix operations to meet the precision and dynamic
   range requirements.  So far, the energy and power cost of these operations
   has been considered too high for TinyML scenarios.  This paper addresses the
   open challenge of near-sensor training on a few mW power budget and presents
   RedMulE — Reduced-Precision Matrix Multiplication Engine, a low-power
   specialized accelerator conceived for multi-precision floating-point General
   Matrix–Matrix Operations (GEMM-Ops) acceleration, supporting FP16, as well
   as hybrid FP8 formats, with {sign,exponent,mantissa}=({1,4,3},{1,5,2}). We
   integrate RedMule into a Parallel Ultra-Low-Power (PULP) cluster containing
   eight energy-efficient RISC-V cores sharing a tightly-coupled data memory
   and implement the resulting system in a 22 nm technology.  At its best
   efficiency point (@ 470 MHz, 0.65 V), the RedMulE-augmented PULP cluster
   achieves 755 GFLOPS/W and 920 GFLOPS/W during regular General Matrix–Matrix
   Multiplication (GEMM), and up to 1.19 TFLOPS/W and 1.67 TFLOPS/W when
   executing GEMM-Ops, respectively, for FP16 and FP8 input/output tensors.  In
   its best performance point (@ 613 MHz, 0.8 V), RedMulE achieves up to 58.5
   GFLOPS and 117 GFLOPS for FP16 and FP8, respectively, with 99.4% utilization
   of the array of Computing Elements and consuming less than 60 mW on average,
   thus enabling on-device training of deep learning models in TinyML
   application scenarios while retaining the flexibility to tackle other
   classes of common linear algebra problems efficiently.  © 2023 Elsevier B.V.
DE embedded systems; general matrixmatrix multiplication; general matrixmatrix
   operations; hardware accelerator; online learning; tinyml
ID acceleration; cost control; education; engines; matrices; operations; power;
   precision; acceleration; budget control; deep learning; digital arithmetic;
   embedded systems; energy efficiency; engines; learning systems; online
   systems; embedded-system; general matrixmatrix multiplication; general
   matrixmatrix operation; hardware accelerators; matrix; matrix operations;
   matrixmatrix multiplications; online learning; precision matrix; tinyml;
   matrix algebra

---

UT 1080
AR Yadav SS, 2023, IEEE TRANS BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST, V17, P192, DOI
   10.1109/TBCAS.2023.3244240
TI tinyRadar for Fitness: A Contactless Framework for Edge Computing
AU Yadav SS; Agarwal R; Bharath K; Rao S; Thakur CS/1
TC 20
SO IEEE TRANS BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB Healthcare technology is evolving from a conventional hub-based system to a
   personalized healthcare system accelerated by rapid advancements in smart
   fitness trackers.  Modern fitness trackers are mostly lightweight wearables
   and can monitor the user's health round the clock, supporting ubiquitous
   connectivity and real-time tracking.  However, prolonged skin contact with
   wearable trackers can cause discomfort.  They are susceptible to false
   results and breach of privacy due to the exchange of user's personal data
   over the internet.  We propose tinyRadar, a novel on-edge millimeter wave
   (mmWave) radar-based fitness tracker that solves the issues of
   discomfortness, and privacy risk in a small form factor, making it an ideal
   choice for a smart home setting.  This work uses the Texas Instruments
   IWR1843 mmWave radar board to recognize the exercise type and measure its
   repetition counts, using signal processing and Convolutional Neural Network
   (CNN) implemented on board.  The radar board is interfaced with ESP32 to
   transfer the results to the user's smartphone over Bluetooth Low Energy
   (BLE). Our dataset comprises eight exercises collected from fourteen human
   subjects.  Data from ten subjects were used to train an 8-bit quantized CNN
   model.  tinyRadar provides real-time repetition counts with 96% average
   accuracy and has an overall subject-independent classification accuracy of
   97% when evaluated on the rest of the four subjects.  CNN has a memory
   utilization of 11.36 KB, which includes only 1.46 KB for the model
   parameters (weights and biases) and the remaining for output activations.  ©
   2007-2012 IEEE.
DE cmsis-nn; cnn; edge computing; esp32; fitness tracker; iwr1843; tinyml;
   tinyradar; vt map
ID exercise; fitness trackers; humans; neural networks computer; signal
   processing computer-assisted; software; antenna arrays; edge computing; fall
   detection; healthcare; millimeter waves; neural networks; radar cross
   section; signal processing; tracking radar; wearable technology; chirp;
   cmsis-nn; convolutional neural network; edge computing; esp32; fitness
   tracker; iwr1843; millimeter-wave communications; radar cross-sections;
   radars antennas; tinyml; tinyradar; tracking; vt map; artificial neural
   network; exercise; human; signal processing; software; automation

---

UT 1186
AR Sun B/1, 2023, PROC ACM SYMP APPL COMPUT, P629, DOI 10.1145/3555776.3577747
TI The Case for tinyML in Healthcare: CNNs for Real-Time On-Edge Blood Pressure
   Estimation
AU Sun B/1; Bayes S; Abotaleb AM; Hassan M
TC 20
SO PROC ACM SYMP APPL COMPUT
PY 2023
AB More than half of the deaths from cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) can be
   eliminated if high Blood Pressure (BP) is brought under control.  Towards
   this target, continuous BP monitoring is a must.  Unfortunately, such
   continuous monitoring is hindered by the inconvenience of the traditional
   cuff-based method.  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) offer a promising
   alternative to address such problems.  Nonetheless, existing CNN-based
   solutions rely on server-like infrastructure with huge computation and
   memory capabilities.  This entails these solutions impractical with several
   security, privacy, reliability, and latency concerns.  The contribution of
   this paper is twofold as follows.  First, the paper contributes to the
   general field of tinyML by proposing novel techniques that enable the
   fitting of popular CNNs into extremely-constrained edge devices with limited
   computation, memory, and power budget.  Namely, the paper successfully
   manages to fit the following five popular CNNs into tiny edge devices:
   AlexNet, LeNet, SqueezeNet, ResNet, and MobileNet.  This enables us to run
   inference completely on the edge without dependency on connectivity or cloud
   infrastructure.  The proposed techniques use a combination of novel
   architecture modifications, pruning, and quantization methods.  Second,
   utilizing this stepping stone, the paper proposes a tinyML-based solution to
   enable accurate and continuous BP estimation using only photo-plethysmogram
   (PPG) signals.  We conduct an extensive evaluation using thousands of real
   Intensive Care Unit (ICU) patient data and several tiny edge devices and all
   the five aforementioned CNNs.  Results show that the proposed solutions
   offer comparable accuracy to server-based solutions, and also meet the
   Association for the Advancement of Medical Instrumentation (AAMI) and the
   British Hypertension Society (BHS) standards.  © 2023 ACM.
DE blood pressure monitoring; convolutional neural networks; ppg; tinyml
ID blood; blood pressure; budget control; cardiology; convolution;
   convolutional neural networks; hospital data processing; intensive care
   units; blood pressure estimation; blood pressure monitoring; cardiovascular
   disease; continuous blood pressure monitoring; continuous monitoring;
   convolutional neural network; high blood pressures; photoplethysmogram;
   real- time; tinyml; disease control

---

UT 1340
AR Mukhopadhyay S/1, 2023, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL
   EVENTS PERCOM WORK, P392, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops56833.2023.10150311
TI Generating Tiny Deep Neural Networks for ECG Classification on Micro-
   Controllers
AU Mukhopadhyay S/1; Dey S; Ghose A; Singh P; Dasgupta P
TC 20
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2023
AB Artificial Intelligence (AI) enabledembedded devices are becoming
   increasingly important in the field of healthcarewhere such devices are
   utilized to assist physicians, clinicians, and surgeonsin their diagnosis,
   therapy planning, and rehabilitation.  In current practice,designing such
   models requires experts in DNN design, healthcare, and embeddedsystems.
   Additionally, the task of migrating such models to a
   differentmicrocontroller (MCU) platform typically requires significant
   effort to re-sizeand/or re-train the model.  This paper shows that Neural
   Architecture Search(NAS) can be used to generate tiny but accurate multi-
   objective models forclassifying ECG signals.  To the best of our knowledge,
   our framework is thefirst of its kind, for automatically generating a DNN
   for screening AtrialFibrillation on an MCU. Moreover, our research shows
   that the proposed NASfinds more accurate tiny models than human-designed
   ones, and is effective inenabling customized solutions for a resource-
   limited target platform.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE atrial fibrillation; deep neural network; mcu; neural architecture search;
   tinyml; wearable ecg
ID electrocardiograms; microcontrollers; network architecture; wearable
   computers; atrial fibrillation; current practices; diagnosis therapy; mcu;
   microcontroller; neural architecture search; neural architectures; therapy
   planning; tinyml; wearable ecg; deep neural networks

---

UT 1072
AR Aira J, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2023.3265119
TI MosquIoT: A System Based on IoT and Machine Learning for the Monitoring of
   Aedes aegypti (Diptera: Culicidae)
AU Aira J; Olivares T; Delicado FM; Vezzani D
TC 19
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB Millions of people around the world are infected with mosquito-borne
   diseases each year.  One of the most dangerous species is Aedes aegypti, the
   main vector of viruses such as dengue, yellow fever, chikungunya, and Zika,
   among others.  Mosquito prevention and eradication campaigns are essential
   to avoid major public health consequences.  In this respect, entomological
   surveillance is an important tool.  At present, this traditional monitoring
   tool is executed manually and requires digital transformation to help
   authorities make better decisions, improve their planning efforts, speed up
   execution, and better manage available resources.  Therefore, new
   technological tools based on proven techniques need to be designed and
   developed.  However, such tools should also be cost-effective, autonomous,
   reliable, and easy to implement, and should be enabled by connectivity and
   multi-platform software applications.  This article presents the design,
   development, and testing of an innovative system named 'MosquIoT. ' It is
   based on traditional ovitraps with embedded Internet of Things (IoT) and
   tiny machine learning (TinyML) technologies, which enable the detection and
   quantification of Ae.  aegypti eggs.  This innovative and promising solution
   may help dynamically understand the behavior of Ae.  aegypti populations in
   cities, shifting from the current reactive entomological monitoring model to
   a proactive and predictive digital one.  © 1963-2012 IEEE.
DE aedes aegypti; entomological surveillance; internet of things ( iot ); low
   power wide area network ( lpwan ); machine learning; ovitraps; smart cities;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID application programs; artificial intelligence; cost effectiveness; learning
   systems; low power electronics; network security; smart city; urban
   planning; viruses; wide area networks; aedes aegypti; entomological
   surveillance; insect; internet of thing; low power; low power wide area
   network; machine learning; ovitrap; surveillance; tiny machine learning;
   urban areas; virus ( medical ); wide area networks; internet of things

---

UT 1251
AR Deji Dere M, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI
   10.1109/TIM.2023.3323962
TI Event-Driven Edge Deep Learning Decoder for Real-Time Gesture Classification
   and Neuro-Inspired Rehabilitation Device Control
AU Deji Dere M; Jo J-H; Lee B
TC 19
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB Assistive neuro-inspired rehabilitation devices are essential for people who
   have suffered a spinal cord injury (SCI), stroke, or limb amputation in
   their activities of daily living.  Neuro-inspired rehabilitation devices
   typically use a single-modal biosignal with a conventional machine learning
   algorithm on an embedded edge device for gesture classification.  Although
   deep learning decoders provide high-accuracy gesture classification, the
   mismatch in the computational complexity and resource availability of edge
   devices has limited the deployment of real-time gesture inference on
   embedded devices.  In this study, we describe an event-driven, edge-
   compatible deep neural network (DNN) capable of classifying gestures from a
   single or hybrid biosignal detected at the edge.  The DNN-based decoders
   were deployed on a field-programmable gate array (FPGA) to classify motor
   intent acquired from the biosensors for intuitive control of a 3-D-printed
   upper limb rehabilitation device.  The study was validated with 33 subjects
   offline and on-device.  Offline average classification accuracy of 93.14%
   for single-modal electromyography (EMG), EMG-Net, 50.42% for single-modal
   electroencephalography (EEG), EEG-Net, and 93.35% for hybrid-modal biosignal
   (Hybrid-Net) using the 8-bit fixed-point quantization-aware method was
   obtained, while the real-time inference on the FPGA resulted in 94.97%,
   58.27%, and 92.73%, respectively.  The EMG biosensor shifted 5 cm to examine
   model degradation yielded 11.5% and 2.64% accuracy loss for the on-device
   EMG-Net and Hybrid-Net, respectively.  The event-driven algorithm
   implemented performed with a reliability of 1, ensuring inference with
   voluntary gesture grasp.  The study reports that hybrid biosignals
   outperformed single-modal EEG in gesture classification offline and on-
   device and single-modal EMG in case of EMG electrode shift.  In addition,
   this article demonstrates an end-to-end approach that deploys a DNN decoder
   to an edge device for neuro-inspired control of the dexterous hand devoid of
   an Internet-of-Things (IoT) connection.  The data and code are available at
   the following repository: https://github.com/HumanMachineInterface/Gest-
   Infer.  © 1963-2012 IEEE.
DE electroencephalography ( eeg ); electromyography ( emg ); hand gesture;
   human machine interface ( hmi ); tinyml
ID decoding; deep neural networks; electrodes; electroencephalography;
   electromyography; electrophysiology; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga
   ); http; inference engines; internet of things; learning algorithms; logic
   gates; real-time systems; decoding; electroencephalography;
   electromyography; field programmable gate array; field programmables; hand
   gesture; human machine interface; human machine interface; programmable gate
   array; real-time system; tinyml; data acquisition

---

UT 1375
AR da Silva J, 2023, IEEE LAT CONF COMPUT INTELL LA-CCI, DOI 10.1109/LA-
   CCI58595.2023.10409357
TI TinyML-Based Pothole Detection: A Comparative Analysis of YOLO and FOMO
   Model Performance
AU da Silva J; Flores T; Júnior S; Silva I
TC 19
SO IEEE LAT CONF COMPUT INTELL LA-CCI
PY 2023
AB Potholes pose a substantial threat in urban settings, leading to vehicular
   damage and safety risks.  Therefore, their prompt identification is
   essential for effective road maintenance.  In this study, we undertake a
   comparative evaluation of the YOLOv5, YOLOv8, and FOMO models for pothole
   detection using the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) approach.  We use an
   openly available dataset comprising images labeled with bounding boxes,
   train these models, and gauge their precision in identifying potholes at
   various input sizes.  Furthermore, we track the carbon footprint during the
   training phase of these networks using Code Carbon.  Finally, as we
   methodically decrease the intricacy of the detection network, we evaluate
   the effects of this reduction on energy usage and detection efficacy.  The
   outcomes suggest notable performance across all models, with the FOMO model
   standing out as the quickest and most energy-efficient model for pothole
   detection.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE fomo; pothole detection; road maintenance; tinyml; yolo
ID energy efficiency; landforms; roads and streets; comparative analyzes;
   damage risks; fomo; machine learning; modeling performance; pothole
   detection; road maintenance; tiny machine learning; urban settings; yolo;
   carbon footprint

---

UT 1237
AR Saha B, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P284, DOI 10.1145/3571306.3571415
TI BandX : An Intelligent IoT-band for Human Activity Recognition based on
   TinyML
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh S/2; Roy RB
TC 18
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Human Activity Recognition (HAR) is used in several human-centric real-world
   situations.  In many learning-based systems, sensors capture situational
   data and transfer it to adjacent computing devices for processing and
   analysis.  This concerns user data privacy and network availability, as well
   as increasing response latency and unnecessary power consumption.  To
   address these, we developed a device BandX that classifies human activities
   from wearable sensors using an on-device deep learning inference mechanism
   on a microcontroller unit (MCU) based on TinyML. BandX performs with an
   accuracy of around 94% and reduces significant network traffic in comparison
   to computational offloading methods.  We have also designed a framework that
   manages BandX sensor/inference data and provides a logical layer for user
   activity-level inferences.  This framework includes an interactive user
   interface that lets people track their activity patterns and other health
   statistics.  © 2023 Owner/Author.
DE data acquisition; human activity recognition; iot; on-device inference;
   tinyml; wearable
ID computation offloading; data privacy; deep learning; internet of things;
   pattern recognition; user interfaces; wearable computers; wearable sensors;
   computing devices; human activity recognition; human-centric; iot; network
   availability; on-device inference; real-world situations; tinyml; user data;
   wearable; data acquisition

---

UT 1308
AR Avellaneda D, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23031542
TI A TinyML Deep Learning Approach for Indoor Tracking of Assets †
AU Avellaneda D; Mendez D; Fortino G
TC 18
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Positioning systems have gained paramount importance for many different
   productive sector; however, traditional systems such as Global Positioning
   System (GPS) have failed to offer accurate and scalable solutions for indoor
   positioning requirements.  Nowadays, alternative solutions such as
   fingerprinting allow the recognition of the characteristic signature of a
   location based on RF signal acquisition.  In this work, a machine learning
   (ML) approach has been considered in order to classify the RSSI information
   acquired by multiple scanning stations from TAG broadcasting messages.
   TinyML has been considered for this project, as it is a rapidly growing
   technological paradigm that aims to assist the design and implementation of
   ML mechanisms in resource-constrained embedded devices.  Hence, this paper
   presents the design, implementation, and deployment of embedded devices
   capable of communicating and sending information to a central system that
   determines the location of objects in a defined environment.  A neural
   network (deep learning) is trained and deployed on the edge, allowing the
   multiple external error factors that affect the accuracy of traditional
   position estimation algorithms to be considered.  Edge Impulse is selected
   as the main platform for data standardization, pre-processing, model
   training, evaluation, and deployment.  The final deployed system is capable
   of classifying real data from the installed TAGs, achieving a classification
   accuracy of (Formula presented.), which can be increased to (Formula
   presented.) when a post-processing stage is implemented.  © 2023 by the
   authors.
DE deep learning; ibeacon; rssi; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); deep learning; learning systems; signal
   processing; deep learning; embedded device; ibeacon; indoor tracking;
   learning approach; positioning system; rssi; scalable solution; tinyml;
   traditional systems; global positioning system

---

UT 1473
AR Leroux S, 2023, FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST, V144, P327, DOI
   10.1016/j.future.2022.12.028
TI Sparse random neural networks for online anomaly detection on sensor nodes
AU Leroux S; Simoens P
TC 18
SO FUTUR GENER COMPUT SYST
PY 2023
AB Whether it is used for predictive maintenance, intrusion detection or
   surveillance, on-device anomaly detection is a very valuable functionality
   in sensor and Internet-of-things (IoT) systems.  In this paper, we introduce
   a novel anomaly detection technique based on sparse, random neural networks.
   The sparsity in the model allows for a very efficient implementation on
   embedded or resource constrained hardware.  Our approach supports continuous
   online learning where the model is deployed to the sensor device without any
   prior training.  As new data becomes available, the model is updated and
   becomes better at detecting anomalies.  We experimentally validate our
   approach on several default benchmark data sets in the visual domain as well
   as on industrial quality inspection and predictive maintenance tasks.  We
   show that our approach achieves a very favorable trade-off between
   computational cost and anomaly detection accuracy.  © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
DE anomaly detection; continuous learning; edge ai; random neural networks;
   sparse neural networks; tinyml
ID benchmarking; e-learning; economic and social effects; internet of things;
   intrusion detection; learning systems; network security; sensor nodes;
   anomaly detection; continuous learning; edge ai; efficient implementation;
   intrusion detection; online anomaly detection; predictive maintenance;
   random neural network; sparse neural networks; tinyml; anomaly detection

---

UT 990
AR Hayajneh AM, 2023, AGRIENG, V5, P2266, DOI 10.3390/agriengineering5040139
TI TinyML Olive Fruit Variety Classification by Means of Convolutional Neural
   Networks on IoT Edge Devices
AU Hayajneh AM; Batayneh S; Alzoubi E; Alwedyan M
TC 17
SO AGRIENG
PY 2023
AB Machine learning (ML) within the edge internet of things (IoT) is
   instrumental in making significant shifts in various industrial domains,
   including smart farming.  To increase the efficiency of farming operations
   and ensure ML accessibility for both small and large-scale farming, the need
   for a low-cost ML-enabled framework is more pressing.  In this paper, we
   present an end-to-end solution that utilizes tiny ML (TinyML) for the low-
   cost adoption of ML in classification tasks with a focus on the post-harvest
   process of olive fruits.  We performed dataset collection to build a dataset
   that consists of several varieties of olive fruits, with the aim of
   automating the classification and sorting of these fruits.  We employed
   simple image segmentation techniques by means of morphological segmentation
   to create a dataset that consists of more than 16,500 individually labeled
   fruits.  Then, a convolutional neural network (CNN) was trained on this
   dataset to classify the quality and category of the fruits, thereby
   enhancing the efficiency of the olive post-harvesting process.  The goal of
   this study is to show the feasibility of compressing ML models into low-cost
   edge devices with computationally constrained settings for tasks like olive
   fruit classification.  The trained CNN was efficiently compressed to fit
   into a low-cost edge controller, maintaining a small model size suitable for
   edge computing.  The performance of this CNN model on the edge device,
   focusing on metrics like inference time and memory requirements,
   demonstrated its feasibility with an accuracy of classification of more than
   (Formula presented.) and minimal edge inference delays ranging from 6 to 55
   inferences per second.  In summary, the results of this study present a
   framework that is feasible and efficient for compressing CNN models on edge
   devices, which can be utilized and expanded in many agricultural
   applications and also show the practical insights for implementing the used
   CNN architectures into edge IoT devices and show the trade-offs for
   employing them using TinyML. © 2023 by the authors.
DE computer vision; image segmentation; machine learning; smart agriculture;
   tinyml

---

UT 1378
AR Alzuhair A, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23146262
TI The Design and Optimization of an Acoustic and Ambient Sensing AIoT Platform
   for Agricultural Applications
AU Alzuhair A; Alghaihab A
TC 17
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB The use of technology in agriculture has been gaining significant attention
   recently.  By employing advanced tools and automation and leveraging the
   latest advancements in the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial
   intelligence (AI), the agricultural sector is witnessing improvements in its
   crop yields and overall efficiency.  This paper presents the design and
   performance analysis of a machine learning (ML) model for agricultural
   applications involving acoustic sensing.  This model is integrated into an
   efficient Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT) platform tailored for
   agriculture.  The model is then used in the design of a communication
   network architecture and for determining the distribution of the computing
   load between edge devices and the cloud.  The study focuses on the design,
   analysis, and optimization of AI deployment for reliable classification
   models in agricultural applications.  Both the architectural level and
   hardware implementation are taken into consideration when designing the
   radio module and computing unit.  Additionally, the study encompasses the
   design and performance analysis of the hardware used to implement the sensor
   node specifically developed for sound classification in agricultural
   applications.  The novelty of this work lies in the optimization of the
   integrated sensor node, which combines the proposed ML model and wireless
   network, resulting in an agricultural-specific AIoT platform.  This co-
   design enables significant improvements in the performance and efficiency
   for acoustic and ambient sensing applications.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE artificial intelligence; efficient sensor nodes; iot; low power
   communication; machine learning; tinyml
ID agricultural technology; efficiency; machine learning; network architecture;
   sensor nodes; acoustic sensing; ambient sensing; design analysis; design and
   optimization; efficient sensor node; low power communication; machine
   learning models; machine learning; performances analysis; tinyml; internet
   of things

---

UT 1020
AR Li T, 2023, SUSTAIN, V15, DOI 10.3390/su151813779
TI Synergy of Patent and Open-Source-Driven Sustainable Climate Governance
   under Green AI: A Case Study of TinyML
AU Li T; Luo J; Liang K; Yi C; Ma L
TC 16
SO SUSTAIN
PY 2023
AB Green AI (Artificial Intelligence) and digitalization facilitate the “Dual-
   Carbon” goal of low-carbon, high-quality economic development.  Green AI is
   moving from “cloud” to “edge” devices like TinyML, which supports devices
   from cameras to wearables, offering low-power IoT computing.  This study
   attempts to provide a conceptual update of climate and environmental policy
   in open synergy with proprietary and open-source TinyML technology, and to
   provide an industry collaborative and policy perspective on the issue,
   through using differential game models.  The results show that patent and
   open source, as two types of TinyML innovation, can benefit a wide range of
   low-carbon industries and climate policy coordination.  From the case of
   TinyML, we find that collaboration and sharing can lead to the
   implementation of green AI, reducing energy consumption and carbon
   emissions, and helping to fight climate change and protect the environment.
   © 2023 by the authors.
DE climate governance; environmental sustainability; green ai; open source;
   patent; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; climate change; economic development; emission
   control; energy efficiency; environmental policy; environmental protection;
   innovation

---

UT 1082
AR Schilk P, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P1, DOI 10.1145/3576842.3582365
TI In-Ear-Voice: Towards Milli-Watt Audio Enhancement With Bone-Conduction
   Microphones for In-Ear Sensing Platforms
AU Schilk P; Polvani N; Ronco A; Cernak M; Magno M
TC 16
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB The recent ubiquitous adoption of remote conferencing has been accompanied
   by omnipresent frustration with distorted or otherwise unclear voice
   communication.  Audio enhancement can compensate for low-quality input
   signals from, for example, small true wireless earbuds, by applying noise
   suppression techniques.  Such processing relies on voice activity detection
   (VAD) with low latency and the added capability of discriminating the
   wearer's voice from others - a task of significant computational complexity.
   The tight energy budget of devices as small as modern earphones, however,
   requires any system attempting to tackle this problem to do so with minimal
   power and processing overhead, while not relying on speaker-specific voice
   samples and training due to usability concerns.  This paper presents the
   design and implementation of a custom research platform for low-power
   wireless earbuds based on novel, commercial, MEMS bone-conduction
   microphones.  Such microphones can record the wearer's speech with much
   greater isolation, enabling personalized voice activity detection and
   further audio enhancement applications.  Furthermore, the paper accurately
   evaluates a proposed low-power personalized speech detection algorithm based
   on bone conduction data and a recurrent neural network running on the
   implemented research platform.  This algorithm is compared to an approach
   based on traditional microphone input.  The performance of the bone
   conduction system, achieving detection of speech within 12.8ms at an
   accuracy of 95% is evaluated.  Different SoC choices are contrasted, with
   the final implementation based on the cutting-edge Ambiq Apollo 4 Blue SoC
   achieving 2.64mW average power consumption at 14uJ per inference, reaching
   43h of battery life on a miniature 32mAh li-ion cell and without duty
   cycling.  © 2023 ACM.
DE bone conduction; dsp; tinyml; voice-activity detection
ID audio acoustics; audio signal processing; audio systems; budget control;
   digital signal processing; lithium-ion batteries; low power electronics;
   microphones; system-on-chip; audio enhancement; bone conduction; dsp; low
   qualities; noise suppression; research platforms; sensing platforms;
   suppression technique; tinyml; voice-activity detections; speech recognition

---

UT 1214
AR Adin V, 2023, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS58821.2023.10254126
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Real-Time Postural Stability Analysis
AU Adin V; Zhang Y/4; Ando B; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 16
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2023
AB Postural sway is a critical measure for evaluating postural control, and its
   analysis plays a vital role in preventing falls among the elderly.
   Typically, physiotherapists assess an individual's postural control using
   tests such as the Berg Balance Scale, Tinetti Test, and time up-and-go test.
   Sensor-based analysis is available based on devices such as force plates or
   inertial measurement units.  Recently, machine learning methods have
   demonstrated promising results in the sensor-based analysis of postural
   control.  However, these models are often complex, slow, and energy-
   intensive.  To address these limitations, this study explores the design
   space of lightweight machine learning models deployable to microcontrollers
   to assess postural stability.  We developed an artificial neural network
   (ANN) model and compare its performance to that of random forests, gaussian
   naive bayes, and extra tree classifiers.  The models are trained using a
   sway dataset with varying input sizes and signal-to-noise ratios.  The
   dataset comprises two feature vectors extracted from raw accelerometer data.
   The developed models are deployed to an ARM Cortex M4-based microcontroller,
   and their performance is evaluated and compared.  We show that the ANN model
   has 99.03% accuracy, higher noise immunity, and the model performs better
   with a window size of one second with 590.96 us inference time.  © 2023
   IEEE.
DE embedded systems; fall prevention; machine learning; postural sway; real-
   time postural assessment; tinyml
ID accident prevention; controllers; embedded systems; fall detection;
   forestry; learning systems; machine learning; neural networks; real-time
   systems; signal to noise ratio; artificial neural network modeling;
   embedded-system; fall prevention; machine learning; postural control;
   postural stability; postural sway; real- time; real-time postural
   assessment; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1241
AR Adin V, 2023, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC53148.2023.10175972
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Damage Classification in Concrete Using Acoustic
   Emission Signals
AU Adin V; Zhang Y/4; Oelmann B; Bader S
TC 16
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2023
AB Acoustic emission (AE) is a widely used non-destructive test method in
   structural health monitoring applications to identify the damage type in the
   material.  Usually, the analysis of the AE signal is done by using
   traditional parameter-based methods.  Recently, machine learning methods
   showed promising results for the analysis of AE signals.  However, these
   machine learning models are complex, slow, and consume significant amounts
   of energy.  To address these limitations and to explore the trade-off
   between model complexity and the classification accuracy, this paper
   presents a lightweight artificial neural network model to classify damage
   types in concrete material using raw acoustic emission signals.  The model
   consists of one hidden layer with four neurons and is trained on a public
   acoustic emission signal dataset.  The created model is deployed to several
   microcontrollers and the performance of the model is evaluated and compared
   with a state-of-the-art machine learning model.  The model achieves 98.4%
   accuracy on the test data with only 4019 parameters.  In terms of evaluation
   metrics, the proposed tiny machine learning model outperforms previously
   proposed models 10 to 1000 times.  The proposed model thus enables machine
   learning in real-time structural health monitoring applications.  © 2023
   IEEE.
DE acoustic emission; damage classification; embedded systems; iot; machine
   learning; structural health monitoring; tinyml
ID acoustic emission testing; complex networks; concretes; economic and social
   effects; embedded systems; genetic algorithms; internet of things; machine
   learning; neural networks; signal analysis; acoustic emission signal;
   acoustic-emissions; damage classification; damage type; embedded-system;
   iot; machine learning models; machine learning; monitoring applications;
   tinyml; structural health monitoring

---

UT 1328
AR Pleterski J, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI
   10.1109/TIM.2023.3318710
TI Miniature Mobile Robot Detection Using an Ultralow-Resolution Time-of-Flight
   Sensor
AU Pleterski J; Skulj G; Esnault C; Puc J; Vrabic R; Podrzaj P
TC 16
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB Miniature mobile robots in multirobotic systems require reliable
   environmental perception for successful navigation, especially when
   operating in a real-world environment.  One of the sensors that have
   recently become accessible in microrobotics due to their size and cost-
   effectiveness is a multizone time-of-flight (ToF) sensor.  In this research,
   object classification using a convolutional neural network (CNN) based on an
   ultralow-resolution ToF sensor is implemented on a miniature mobile robot to
   distinguish the robot from other objects.  The main contribution of this
   work is an accurate classification system implemented on low-resolution,
   low-processing power, and low-power consumption hardware.  The developed
   system consists of a VL53L5CX ToF sensor with an $8\times8$ depth image and
   a low-power RP2040 microcontroller.  The classification system is based on a
   customized CNN architecture to determine the presence of a miniature mobile
   robot within the observed terrain, primarily characterized by sand and
   rocks.  The developed system trained on a custom dataset can detect a mobile
   robot with an accuracy of 91.8% when deployed on a microcontroller.  The
   model implementation requires 7 kB of RAM, has an inference time of 34 ms,
   and an energy consumption during inference of 3.685 mJ. © 2023 IEEE.
DE binary classification; convolutional neural network ( cnn ); low power;
   microcontroller; miniature robot; time-of-flight ( tof ); tiny machine
   learning ( tinyml ); ultra-low resolution
ID controllers; convolution; cost effectiveness; deep learning; energy
   utilization; mobile robots; neural networks; real-time systems; binary
   classification; convolutional neural network; deep learning; low power;
   lower resolution; miniature robots; robot sensing system; time-of flight;
   tinyml; ultra-low resolution; microcontrollers

---

UT 1459
AR Gibbs M, 2023, PROC IEEE INT CONF EDGE COMPUT, V2023-July, P337, DOI
   10.1109/EDGE60047.2023.00056
TI Realising the Power of Edge Intelligence: Addressing the Challenges in AI
   and tinyML Applications for Edge Computing
AU Gibbs M; Kanjo E
TC 16
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF EDGE COMPUT
PY 2023
AB The edge computing paradigm has become increasingly popular due to its
   benefits over cloud computing, particularly in the context of AI and IoT
   applications.  Its harmonising with AI to form Edge intelligence (EI) has
   opened up possible application areas for further development.  Tiny machine
   learning (tinyML) is a specific focus within EI that targets machine
   learning algorithms deployed to constrained edge devices such as
   microcontrollers.  However, despite the potential advantages of EI and
   tinyML, there are several challenges that researchers often overlook,
   especially when deploying on microcontrollers.  These challenges include
   programming language choice, lack of support for development boards, neglect
   of preprocessing, choice of sensors, and insufficient labelled data.  This
   paper assesses these previously unaddressed challenges, highlights their
   issues with a particular focus on microcontroller deployment, and offers
   potential solutions.  By addressing these challenges, researchers can design
   more effective and efficient tinyML systems, pushing the boundaries of edge
   AI faster than before.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE aiot; artificial intelligence; edge ai; edge computing; edge intelligence;
   tinyml
ID controllers; edge computing; learning algorithms; microcontrollers; aiot;
   cloud computing; computing paradigm; edge ai; edge computing; edge
   intelligence; machine learning applications; machine learning; power; tiny
   machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1475
AR Wen T-H, 2023, DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL, V2023-June, DOI
   10.23919/VLSITechnologyandCir57934.2023.10185326
TI A 28nm Nonvolatile AI Edge Processor using 4Mb Analog-Based Near-Memory-
   Compute ReRAM with 27.2 TOPS/W for Tiny AI Edge Devices
AU Wen T-H; Hung J-M; Hsu H-H; Wu Y/2; Chang F-C; Li C-Y; Chien C-H; Su C-I;
   Khwa W-S; Wu J-J; Lo C-C; Liu R-S; Hsieh C-C; Tang K-T; Ho M-S; Chih Y-D;
   Chang T-YJ; Chang M-F
TC 16
SO DIG TECH PAP SYMP VLSI TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB Tiny AI edge processors prefer using nvCIM to achieve low standby power,
   high energy efficiency (EF), and short wakeupto-response latency (TWR). Most
   nvCIMs use in-memory computing for MAC operations; however, this imposes a
   tradeoff between EF and accuracy, due to MAC accumulationnumber (NACU)
   versus signal margin and readout quantization.  To achieve high EF and high
   accuracy, we developed a systemlevel nvCIM-friendly control scheme and a
   nvCIM macro with two analog near-memory computing schemes.  The proposed
   28nm nonvolatile AI edge processor with 4Mb ReRAMnvCIM achieved high EF
   (27.2 TOPS/W), short TWR (3.19 ms), and low accuracy loss (<0.5%) The EF of
   the ReRAM-nvCIM macro was 38.6 TOPS/W.  © 2023 JSAP.
DE multiply-and-accumulation ( mac ); nonvolatile compute-in-memory ( nvcim );
   nonvolatile memory ( nvm )
ID energy efficiency; low power electronics; nonvolatile storage; quantization
   ( signal ); vlsi circuits; high energy efficiency; higher efficiency; low
   standby power; memory macro; multiply-and-accumulation; nonvolatile memory;
   nonvolatile; nonvolatile compute-in-memory; nonvolatile memory; rram

---

UT 505
AR Maayah M, 2023, DISCOV ARTIF INTELL, V3, DOI 10.1007/s44163-023-00051-x
TI LimitAccess: on-device TinyML based robust speech recognition and age
   classification
AU Maayah M; Abunada A; Al-Janahi K; Ahmed ME; Qadir J
TC 15
SO DISCOV ARTIF INTELL
PY 2023
AB Automakers from Honda to Lamborghini are incorporating voice interaction
   technology into their vehicles to improve the user experience and offer
   value-added services.  Speech recognition systems are a key component of
   smart cars, enhancing convenience and safety for drivers and passengers.  In
   the future, safety-critical features may rely on speech recognition, but
   this raises concerns about children accessing such services.  To address
   this issue, the LimitAccess system is proposed, which uses TinyML for age
   classification and helps parents limit children’s access to critical speech
   recognition services.  This study employs a lite convolutional neural
   network (CNN) model for two different reasons: First, CNN showed superior
   accuracy compared to other audio classification models for age
   classification problems.  Second, the lite model will be integrated into a
   microcontroller to meet its limited resource requirements.  To train and
   evaluate our model, we created a dataset that included child and adult
   voices of the keyword “open”. The system approach categorizes voices into
   age groups (child, adult) and then utilizes that categorization to grant
   access to a car.  The robustness of the model was enhanced by adding a new
   class (recordings) to the dataset, which enabled our system to detect replay
   and synthetic voice attacks.  If an adult voice is detected, access to start
   the car will be granted.  However, if a child’s voice or a recording is
   detected, the system will display a warning message that educates the child
   about the dangers and consequences of the improper use of a car.  Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE sensing was our embedded device of choice for integrating our
   trained, optimized model.  Our system achieved an overall F1 score of 87.7%
   and 85.89% accuracy.  LimitAccess detected replay and synthetic voice
   attacks with an 88% F1 score.  © The Author(s) 2023.
DE age classification; edge artificial intelligence; embedded devices; embedded
   machine learning; speech recognition; tiny machine learning
ID audio recordings; convolutional neural networks; machine learning; neural
   network models; safety engineering; age classification; convolutional neural
   network; edge artificial intelligence; embedded device; embedded machine
   learning; embedded machines; machine learning; synthetic voices; tiny
   machine learning; speech recognition

---

UT 1002
AR Ur Rahman MW, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA, P709, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLA58977.2023.00104
TI Quantized Transformer Language Model Implementations on Edge Devices
AU Ur Rahman MW; Abrar MM; Copening HG; Hariri S; Shao S; Satam P; Salehi S
TC 15
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA
PY 2023
AB Large-scale transformer-based models like the Bidi-rectional Encoder
   Representations from Transformers (BERT) are widely used for Natural
   Language Processing (NLP) applications, wherein these models are initially
   pre-trained with a large corpus with millions of parameters and then fine-
   tuned for a downstream NLP task.  One of the major limitations of these
   large-scale models is that they cannot be deployed on resource- constrained
   devices due to their large model size and increased inference latency.  In
   order to overcome these limitations, such large-scale models can be
   converted to an optimized FlatBuffer format, tailored for deployment on
   resource-constrained edge devices.  Herein, we evaluate the performance of
   such FlatBuffer transformed MobileBERT models on three different edge
   devices, fine-tuned for Reputation analysis of English language tweets in
   the Rep Lab 2013 dataset.  In addition, this study encompassed an evaluation
   of the deployed models, wherein their latency, performance, and resource
   efficiency were meticulously assessed.  Our experiment results show that,
   compared to the original BERT large model, the converted and quantized
   MobileBERT models have 160x smaller footprints for a 4.1 % drop in accuracy
   while analyzing at least one tweet per second on edge devices.  Furthermore,
   our study highlights the privacy-preserving aspect of TinyML systems as all
   data is processed locally within a serverless environment.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bert; embedded systems; lot; machine learning; natural language processing;
   privacy; reputation polarity; social media; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; learning algorithms; machine learning; natural
   language processing systems; privacy-preserving techniques; social
   networking ( online ); bidirectional encoder representation from
   transformer; embedded-system; language processing; lot; machine learning;
   natural language processing; natural languages; privacy; reputation
   polarity; social media; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 1108
AR Roveri M, 2023, LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH, V142, P23, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-3391-2_2
TI Is Tiny Deep Learning the New Deep Learning?
AU Roveri M
TC 14
SO LECT NOTES DATA ENG COMMUN TECH
PY 2023
AB The computing everywhere paradigm is paving the way for the pervasive
   diffusion of tiny devices (such as Internet-of-Things or edge computing
   devices) endowed with intelligent abilities.  Achieving this goal requires
   machine and deep learning solutions to be completely redesigned to fit the
   severe technological constraints on computation, memory, and power
   consumption typically characterizing these tiny devices.  The aim of this
   paper is to explore tiny machine learning (TinyML) and introduce tiny deep
   learning (TinyDL) for the design, development, and deployment of machine and
   deep learning solutions for (an ecosystem of) tiny devices, hence supporting
   intelligent and pervasive applications following the computing everywhere
   paradigm.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE edge computing; internet of things; tiny deep learning ( tinydl ); tiny
   machine learning ( tinyml )
ID deep learning; edge computing; learning systems; computing devices; design
   development; edge computing; intelligent applications; machine learning;
   pervasive applications; technological constraints; tiny deep learning; tiny
   machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 1184
AR Mellit A/1, 2023, INT CONF SMART GRID ICSMARTGRID, DOI
   10.1109/icSmartGrid58556.2023.10171088
TI TinyML for fault diagnosis of Photovoltaic Modules using Edge Impulse
   Platform
AU Mellit A/1; Blasuttigh N/1; Massi Pavan A/1
TC 14
SO INT CONF SMART GRID ICSMARTGRID
PY 2023
AB In this paper a fault diagnosis method for photovoltaic (PV) modules is
   developed using an open source Machine Learning (ML) platform (Edge
   impulse). The idea is to develop a TinyML to classify certain defects that
   can frequently occur on PV modules (e.g.  dirty, degradation and dust
   deposit on PV modules), and then to integrate the impulse into an Edge
   device for real time application.  In this regard a database of infrared
   thermography image was built and used.  The model could be run locally
   without internet connection.  This method could help users to diagnosis
   their PV modules and make decision about the maintenance schedule (cleaning
   or replacing of PV modules). Results clearly report the feasibility of the
   method with a mean accuracy of 93.4 %. The main advantage is that, thanks to
   this platform, embedded ML model could be developed quickly.  Moreover, edge
   processes are not affected by the latency and bandwidth issues becoming
   outstanding methods for real-time diagnostics.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep convolutional neural network; edge device; fault classification;
   machine learning; photovoltaic
ID convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; fault detection;
   learning systems; solar panels; convolutional neural network; deep
   convolutional neural network; edge device; fault classification; fault
   diagnosis method; faults diagnosis; machine learning; open source;
   photovoltaic modules; photovoltaics; failure analysis

---

UT 1324
AR Lakshman SB, 2023, PROC - INT WORK SOFTW ENG RES PR IOT SERP4IOT, P33, DOI
   10.1145/3528227.3528569
TI Software Engineering Approaches for TinyML based IoT Embedded Vision: A
   Systematic Literature Review
AU Lakshman SB; Eisty NU
TC 14
SO PROC - INT WORK SOFTW ENG RES PR IOT SERP4IOT
PY 2023
AB Internet of Things (IoT) has catapulted human ability to control our
   environments through ubiquitous sensing, communication, computation, and
   actuation.  Over the past few years, IoT has joined forces with Machine
   Learning (ML) to embed deep intelligence at the far edge.  TinyML (Tiny
   Machine Learning) has enabled the deployment of ML models for embedded
   vision on extremely lean edge hardware, bringing the power of IoT and ML
   together.  However, TinyML powered embedded vision applications are still in
   a nascent stage, and they are just starting to scale to widespread real-
   world IoT deployment.  To harness the true potential of IoT and ML, it is
   necessary to provide product developers with robust, easy-to-use software
   engineering (SE) frameworks and best practices that are customized for the
   unique challenges faced in TinyML engineering.  Through this systematic
   literature review, we aggregated the key challenges reported by TinyML
   developers and identified state-of-art SE approaches in large-scale Computer
   Vision, Machine Learning, and Embedded Systems that can help address key
   challenges in TinyML based IoT embedded vision.  In summary, our study draws
   synergies between SE expertise that embedded systems developers and ML
   developers have independently developed to help address the unique
   challenges in the engineering of TinyML based IoT embedded vision.  © 2022
   ACM.
DE embedded vision; iot; software engineering; systematic literature review;
   tinyml
ID deep learning; embedded systems; learning systems; software engineering;
   embedded visions; embedded-system; human abilities; iot; machine learning
   models; machine learning; power; systematic literature review; tinyml;
   vision applications; internet of things

---

UT 861
AR Botero-Valencia JS, 2023, HARDWAREX, V16, DOI 10.1016/j.ohx.2023.e00477
TI Low-cost air, noise, and light pollution measuring station with wireless
   communication and tinyML
AU Botero-Valencia JS; Barrantes-Toro C; Marquez-Viloria D; Pearce JM
TC 13
SO HARDWAREX
PY 2023
AB Different types of environmental pollution cause negative consequences to
   ecosystems throughout the globe, which humanity is now trying to mitigate.
   It is necessary to know the level of pollution problems in the immediate
   environment, to evaluate the impact of human activities, and mitigation
   strategies necessary to ensure habitability.  For this reason, in this work,
   a low-cost pollution measurement station for outdoor or indoor use is
   proposed and developed that measures air pollution (particulate matter and
   CO2), noise (level and direction), light pollution (power and
   multispectral), and also relative humidity and ambient temperature.  The
   system stores the data in an SD memory or transmits data in real-time to the
   internet via WiFi.  The purposes of the system are to be used in
   environmental studies, to deploy monitoring networks, or to ensure the
   habitability of a living or working space.  The prototype integrates the
   measurement of the different sources of contamination in a single compact
   device at USD$ 628.12 without sacrificing measurement accuracy.  The system
   is validated for each variable with reference equipment, obtaining an
   average error of approximately 2.67% in the measurement of all the variables
   measured.  The system is easy to assemble and has an option for power supply
   using solar photovoltaic devices and an alternative for connection to 2G/3G
   mobile networks.  © 2023 The Author(s)
DE air pollution; arduino; light pollution; measuring station; noise pollution;
   tinyml
ID air pollution; noise pollution; solar power generation; arduino;
   environmental pollutions; immediate environment; light pollution; low-costs;
   measurements of; measuring stations; pollution problems; tinyml; wireless
   communications; costs

---

UT 1216
AR Hassan O, 2023, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V72, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2023.3279880
TI An Optimized Hardware Inference of SABiNN: Shift-Accumulate Binarized Neural
   Network for Sleep Apnea Detection
AU Hassan O; Paul T; Amin N; Titirsha T; Thakker R; Parvin D; Mosa ASM; Islam
   SK
TC 13
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2023
AB This article presents the design of an optimized hardware-based neural
   network (NN) called a shift-accumulate binarized NN (SABiNN). SABiNN is used
   in detecting respiratory-related diseases such as sleep apnea (SA) among
   adults.  Initially, a three-hidden-layer-based NN model was trained,
   validated, and tested with open-source apnea polysomnography (PSG) datasets
   collected from the PhysioNET databank.  Single-lead electrocardiography
   (ECG) and pulse oximeter data were collected, preprocessed, and digitized
   for network training.  The NN was later transformed into SABiNN,
   demonstrating model accuracy of 81.5% (CI: ±3.5) with an energy efficiency
   of 5 mJ on reprogrammable hardware.  The precision rate of the model was
   further increased by redesigning the XNOR gate of the multiply-accumulate
   (MAC) operation with the NAND gate-based XNOR. This redesign process
   significantly improved the overall model's classification and precision.
   Further expansion of SABiNN was carried out to achieve a higher accuracy
   rate (over 88%) which was designed on the CMOS platform using a 130-nm open-
   source process design kit (PDK) developed by Google and Skywater.  The
   proposed model on the CMOS platform used a chip area of 0.16 mm2 and
   showcased an energy efficiency of 1 pJ. A total of 11k CMOS cells with two
   16-bit input and one 1-bit output pins were used to realize the SABiNN on
   CMOS. The success of this design technique can be leveraged in developing a
   fully system-on-a-chip (SoC) integrated wearable system for SA detection.  ©
   1963-2012 IEEE.
DE 130-nm process design kit ( pdk ); apnea; binarized neural network ( binn );
   biomedical; field programmable gate array ( fpga ); google-skywater; machine
   learning ( ml ); multiply-accumulate ( mac ); neural network ( nn );
   physionet; sleep apnea ( sa ) detection; system-on-a-chip ( soc ); tinyml;
   xnor
ID cmos integrated circuits; electrocardiography; energy efficiency; field
   programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); integrated circuit design; learning
   systems; oximeters; system-on-chip; 130-nm process design kit; apnea;
   binarized neural network; biomedical; google-skywater; google+; hardware;
   machine learning; multiply-accumulate ( mac ); neural networks; physionet;
   process design kit; pulse oximeters; sleep apnea; sleep apnea detection;
   system on-chip; systems-on-chip; tinyml; xnor; neural networks

---

UT 1295
AR Gambella M, 2023, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, V2023-June, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN54540.2023.10191876
TI EDANAS: Adaptive Neural Architecture Search for Early Exit Neural Networks
AU Gambella M; Roveri M
TC 13
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2023
AB Early Exit Neural Networks (EENNs) endow neural network architectures with
   auxiliary classifiers to progressively process the input and make decisions
   at intermediate points of the network.  This leads to significant benefits
   in terms of effectiveness and efficiency such as the reduction of the
   average inference time as well as the mitigation of overfitting and
   vanishing gradient phenomena.  Currently, the design of EENNs, which is a
   very complex and time-consuming task, is carried out manually by experts.
   This is where Neural Architecture Search (NAS) comes into play by
   automatically designing neural network architectures focusing also on the
   optimization of the computational demand of these networks.  These
   requirements are crucial in the design of machine and deep learning
   solutions meant to operate in devices constrained by the technology
   (computation, memory, and energy) such as Internet-Of-Things and embedded
   systems.  Interestingly, few NAS solutions have taken into account the
   design of early exiting mechanisms.  This work introduces, for the first
   time in the literature, a framework called Early exit aDAptive Neural
   Architecture Search (EDANAS) for the automatic design of both the EENN
   architecture and the parameters that manage its early exit mechanism in
   order to optimize both the accuracy in the classification tasks and the
   computational demand.  EDANAS has proven to compete with expert-designed
   early exit solutions paving the way for a new era in the prominent field of
   NAS. © 2023 IEEE.
DE adaptive neural networks; early-exit neural networks; neural architecture
   search ( nas ); once-for-all network ( ofa ); tiny machine learning
ID deep learning; learning systems; network architecture; adaptive neural
   networks; computational demands; early-exit neural network; machine
   learning; neural architecture search; neural architectures; neural network
   architecture; neural networks; once-for-all network; tiny machine learning;
   embedded systems

---

UT 1411
AR Albuali A, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23125569
TI Scalable Lightweight IoT-Based Smart Weather Measurement System
AU Albuali A; Srinivasagan R; Aljughaiman A; Alderazi F
TC 13
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) plays a critical role in remotely monitoring a
   wide variety of different application sectors, including agriculture,
   building, and energy.  The wind turbine energy generator (WTEG) is a real-
   world application that can take advantage of IoT technologies, such as a
   low-cost weather station, where human activities can be significantly
   affected by enhancing the production of clean energy based on the known
   direction of the wind.  Meanwhile, common weather stations are neither
   affordable nor customizable for specific applications.  Moreover, due to
   weather forecast changes over time and location within the same city, it is
   not efficient to rely on a limited number of weather stations that may be
   located far away from a recipient’s location.  Therefore, in this paper, we
   focus on presenting a low-cost weather station that relies on an artificial
   intelligence (AI) algorithm that can be distributed across a WTEG area with
   minimal cost.  The proposed study measures multiple weather parameters, such
   as wind direction, wind velocity (WV), temperature, pressure, mean sea
   level, and relative humidity to provide current measurements to recipients
   and AI-based forecasts.  In addition, the proposed study consists of several
   heterogeneous nodes and a controller for each station in a target area.  The
   collected data can be transmitted through Bluetooth low energy (BLE). The
   experimental results reveal that the proposed study matches the standard of
   the National Meteorological Center (NMC), with a nowcast measurement of 95%
   accuracy for WV and 92% for wind direction (WD). © 2023 by the authors.
DE conventional neural network; decision tree; low-cost weather station;
   meteorology; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); wind speed; wind velocity
ID agriculture; artificial intelligence; humans; internet of things;
   temperature; weather; costs; internet of things; machine learning; sea
   level; weather forecasting; weather information services; wind speed;
   conventional neural network; energy; low-cost weather station; low-costs;
   machine learning; neural networks; tiny machine learning; weather stations;
   wind speed; wind velocities; agriculture; artificial intelligence; human;
   internet of things; temperature; weather; decision trees

---

UT 1430
AR Vitolo P, 2023, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS, V70, P1595, DOI
   10.1109/TCSII.2022.3224022
TI A New NN-Based Approach to In-Sensor PDM-to-PCM Conversion for Ultra TinyML
   KWS
AU Vitolo P; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Pau D; Licciardo GD
TC 13
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS
PY 2023
AB This brief proposes a new approach based on a tiny neural network to convert
   Pulse Density Modulation (PDM) signals acquired from digital Micro-Electro-
   Mechanical System (MEMS) microphones into the standard Pulse Code Modulation
   (PCM) format for any further digital audio processing.  The proposed
   approach allows for a compact and ultra-low-power hardware implementation of
   the conversion, suitable for ultra tinyML Key Word Spotting (KWS)
   applications, closely coupled with the sensor itself and tightly coupled
   with a neural network classifier.  The converter achieves a signal-to-noise
   ratio value of 48 dB, which enables KWS accuracy of 89% over 12 classes.
   Implementation on a Xilinx Artix-7 FPGA results in 917 LUTs, 361 FFs, and
   182 μ W Dynamic Power (DynP) consumption.  By targeting the TSMC 0.13 μm
   CMOS technology, the synthesis reports an area occupation of 0.086 mm2 and a
   DynP of 128.7 μ W /MHz.  These results enable the integration of the
   proposed design into the CMOS circuitry closely coupled with the MEMS
   microphone.  © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE audio processing; custom digital design; edge computing; in-sensor
   computing; neural network; ultra-low-power
ID acoustic noise; audio acoustics; bandpass filters; cmos integrated circuits;
   dc-dc converters; delta sigma modulation; fir filters; impulse response;
   integrated circuit design; low power electronics; mems; microphones; pulse
   code modulation; pulse width modulation; signal to noise ratio; audio
   processing; custom digital design; digital designs; edge computing; in-
   sensor computing; key words; micromechanical device; neural networks; sensor
   computing; ultra-low power; neural networks

---

UT 533
AR Chowdhary M, 2023, IEEE SENSORS LET, V7, P1, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2023.3327914
TI AutoML for On-Sensor Tiny Machine Learning
AU Chowdhary M; Lilienthal D; Sayan Saha S; Palle KC
TC 12
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2023
AB Sensors with embedded machine learning core (MLC) ena-ble ultra-low-power,
   low latency, and intelligent inferences at the extreme edge.  However,
   deploying performant machine learning (ML) models within the resource bounds
   of MLC is challenging.  This letter presents an automatic ML framework that
   trains and deploys ML models on the MLC embedded in the iNEMO inertial
   measurement units.  Given a labeled inertial sensor dataset, the framework
   automatically selects the best set of features, filters, and window size to
   apply to the dataset from a search space of supported MLC parameters.  The
   framework then trains a decision tree or random forest within the resource
   bounds of the MLC and generates the register configuration file to deploy
   the trained ML model on sensor with MLC capability.  For human activity
   recognition, the framework achieves 93% test accuracy under 1 mW of power,
   which is 41× lower than an ARM Cortex-M4 implementation.  The framework also
   enables on-sensor fall detection with 95% test accuracy under 0.3 mW of
   power.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE feature selection; filter selection; inertial measurement unit ( imu );
   machine learning core ( mlc ); sensor applications; tinyml
ID feature selection; features selection; filter selection; inertial
   measurement unit; inertial measurements units; machine learning core;
   machine learning models; machine learning; resource bounds; sensor
   applications; tinyml; decision trees

---

UT 1076
AR Morales-García J, 2023, J SUPERCOMPUT, V79, P10277, DOI
   10.1007/s11227-023-05076-8
TI Evaluation of low-power devices for smart greenhouse development
AU Morales-García J; Bueno-Crespo A; Martínez-España R; Posadas J-L; Manzoni P;
   Cecilia JM
TC 12
SO J SUPERCOMPUT
PY 2023
AB The combination of Artificial Intelligence and the Internet of Things (AIoT)
   is enabling the next economic revolution in which data and immediacy are at
   the key players.  Agriculture is one of the sectors that can benefit most
   from the use of AIoT to optimise resources and reduce its environmental
   footprint.  However, this convergence requires computational resources that
   enable the execution of AI workloads, and in the context of agriculture,
   ensuring autonomous operation and low energy consumption.  In this work, we
   evaluate TinyML and edge computing platforms to predict the indoor
   temperature of an operational greenhouse in situ.  In particular, the
   computational/energy trade-off of these platforms is assessed to analyse
   whether their use in this context is feasible.  Two artificial neural
   networks are adapted to these platforms to predict the indoor temperature of
   the greenhouse.  Our results show that the microcontroller-based devices can
   offer a competitive and energy-efficient computational alternative to more
   traditional edge computing approaches for lightweight ML workloads.  © 2023,
   The Author(s), under exclusive licence to Springer Science+Business Media,
   LLC, part of Springer Nature.
DE artificial intelligence; cpu-gpu performance; edge computing; power
   consumption; time series forecast; tinyml
ID agriculture; computing power; economic and social effects; edge computing;
   energy efficiency; forecasting; graphics processing unit; green computing;
   greenhouses; neural networks; computational resources; cpu-gpu performance;
   edge computing; environmental footprints; indoor temperature; low power
   devices; performance; smart greenhouse; time series forecasts; tinyml;
   electric power utilization

---

UT 1111
AR Silva M, 2023, IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC, P199,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroAutomotive57488.2023.10219125
TI An Adaptive TinyML Unsupervised Online Learning Algorithm for Driver
   Behavior Analysis
AU Silva M; Medeiros T; Azevedo M; Medeiros M; Themoteo M; Gois T; Silva I;
   Costa DG
TC 12
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC
PY 2023
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) has significantly impacted various industries,
   particularly the automotive sector, due to the growing integration of IoT
   technologies in vehicles.  As a result, the volume of data generated by
   vehicular sensors has increased, leading to a surge in studies focusing on
   driver behavior to enhance road safety and optimize transportation networks.
   However, traditional approaches to analyzing driver behavior have relied on
   supervised offline learning models, which are unsuitable for handling data
   streams in online learning environments.  This study introduces an
   unsupervised online k-fix AutoCloud algorithm for detecting driver behavior
   patterns, leveraging the concepts of typicity and eccentricity while
   considering the historical-temporal relationships between samples.
   Furthermore, the algorithm autonomously and adaptively evolves without
   requiring a supervised training phase, making it compatible with the TinyML
   concept, encompassing Artificial Intelligence algorithms designed for low-
   power IoT devices.  To validate the proposed method, a real case study was
   conducted over four days using a vehicle to compare the quantity and quality
   of clusters generated by the algorithm.  The findings demonstrate the
   potential of the proposed approach for optimizing data processing with
   minimal computational power.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE data processing; driver behavior; internet of things; k-fix autocloud
   algorithm; online learning; road safety; tinyml; unsupervised learning
ID accident prevention; automotive industry; behavioral research; clustering
   algorithms; computer aided instruction; e-learning; learning algorithms;
   learning systems; motor transportation; roads and streets; unsupervised
   learning; automotive sector; driver behavior analysis; driver behavior;
   internet of things technologies; k-fix autocloud algorithm; online learning;
   online learning algorithms; road safety; tinyml; unsupervised online
   learning; internet of things

---

UT 1202
AR Verbiest JR, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23167166
TI Gait Stride Length Estimation Using Embedded Machine Learning
AU Verbiest JR; Bonnechère B; Saeys W; Van de Walle P; Truijen S; Meyns P
TC 12
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Introduction.  Spatiotemporal gait parameters, e.g., gait stride length, are
   measurements that are classically derived from instrumented gait analysis.
   Today, different solutions are available for gait assessment outside the
   laboratory, specifically for spatiotemporal gait parameters.  Such solutions
   are wearable devices that comprise an inertial measurement unit (IMU) sensor
   and a microcontroller (MCU). However, these existing wearable devices are
   resource-constrained.  They contain a processing unit with limited
   processing and memory capabilities which limit the use of machine learning
   to estimate spatiotemporal gait parameters directly on the device.  The
   solution for this limitation is embedded machine learning or tiny machine
   learning (tinyML). This study aims to create a machine-learning model for
   gait stride length estimation deployable on a microcontroller.  Materials
   and Method.  Starting from a dataset consisting of 4467 gait strides from 15
   healthy people, measured by IMU sensor, and using state-of-the-art machine
   learning frameworks and machine learning operations (MLOps) tools, a
   multilayer 1D convolutional float32 and int8 model for gait stride length
   estimation was developed.  Results.  The developed float32 model
   demonstrated a mean accuracy and precision of 0.23 ± 4.3 cm, and the int8
   model demonstrated a mean accuracy and precision of 0.07 ± 4.3 cm.  The
   memory usage for the float32 model was 284.5 kB flash and 31.9 kB RAM. The
   int8 model memory usage was 91.6 kB flash and 13.6 kB RAM. Both models were
   able to be deployed on a Cortex-M4F 64 MHz microcontroller with 1 MB flash
   memory and 256 kB RAM. Conclusions.  This study shows that estimating gait
   stride length directly on a microcontroller is feasible and demonstrates the
   potential of embedded machine learning, or tinyML, in designing wearable
   sensor devices for gait analysis.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE embedded machine learning; gait analysis; gait stride length; healthcare;
   imu; inertial measurement unit; machine learning; mcu; microcontroller;
   neural network; regression; tinyml; wearable sensors
ID algorithms; cerebral cortex; gait; gait analysis; humans; machine learning;
   controllers; flash memory; gait analysis; machine learning; random access
   storage; wearable sensors; embedded machine learning; embedded machines;
   gait stride length; healthcare; inertial measurements units; machine
   learning; mcu; neural networks; regression; stride length; tiny machine
   learning; algorithm; brain cortex; gait; human; machine learning;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1441
AR Chen Z/1, 2023, IEEE INT CONF IND ELECTRON SUSTAIN ENERGY SYST IESES, DOI
   10.1109/IESES53571.2023.10253705
TI A Self-Powered Sensing System with Embedded TinyML for Anomaly Detection
AU Chen Z/1; Gao Y/1; Liang J
TC 12
SO IEEE INT CONF IND ELECTRON SUSTAIN ENERGY SYST IESES
PY 2023
AB In the coming Industry 4.0 era, IoT (Internet of Things) technology plays a
   more and more critical role.  Anomaly detection is one of the essential
   applications for ensuring safe manufacturing, living, etc.  It equips the
   machine with intelligence for perceiving its situation in real-time to
   prevent disastrous breakdown.  Such monitoring systems were usually based on
   commercial inertial measurement units (IMU) and artificial intelligence (AI)
   algorithms that run on resource-rich, power-hungry servers, causing a
   certain amount of energy for sensing and data transmitting.  In this paper,
   we introduce a novel self-powered sensing system with tiny machine learning
   (Tiny ML) technique for anomaly detection.  A lightweight piezoelectric
   self-powered sensor (SPS) is utilized to substitute the IMU. The system runs
   on a low-cost embedded system, realizing the low-power in-situ inferring.  A
   rich dataset has been collected on a vibration platform and analyzed by six
   well-known machine-learning models.  A compressed deep neuron network (DNN)
   with three hidden layers achieves an accuracy of 97.6 % given only 8-point
   normalized SPS data.  The TinyML model is then deployed on embedded systems
   for on-device inferring and condition-based monitoring.  Power measurement
   is conducted to compare the systems based on an IMU and an SPS. It has shown
   that the proposed self-powered sensing approach can save up to 66.74% of
   energy.  The system provides a valuable reference for realizing pervasive
   sensing and ubiquitous AI.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE aiot; anomaly detection; self-powered sensing; tiny machine learning
ID deep learning; embedded systems; internet of things; learning systems;
   vibration analysis; aiot; anomaly detection; energy; inertial measurements
   units; machine learning; power; self-powered; self-powered sensing; sensing
   systems; tiny machine learning; anomaly detection

---

UT 633
AR Pau D, 2023, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V12, DOI 10.3390/electronics12234819
TI Tiny Machine Learning Zoo for Long-Term Compensation of Pressure Sensor
   Drifts
AU Pau D; Ben Yahmed W; Aymone FM/1; Licciardo GD; Vitolo P
TC 11
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2023
AB Pressure sensors embodied in very tiny packages are deployed in a wide range
   of advanced applications.  Examples of applications range from industrial to
   altitude location services.  They are also becoming increasingly pervasive
   in many other application fields, ranging from industrial to military to
   consumer.  However, the inexpensive manufacturing technology of these
   sensors is strongly affected by environmental stresses, which ultimately
   affect their measurement accuracy in the form of variations in gain,
   hysteresis, and nonlinear responses.  Thermal stresses are the main source
   of sensor behavior deviation.  They are particularly insidious because even
   a few minutes of high temperature exposure can cause measurement drift for
   many days in the sensor responses.  Therefore, conventional calibration
   techniques are challenged in their adequacy to achieve high accuracy and
   over the entire deployment life of the sensor.  To manage this, several
   costly and time-consuming calibration procedures have to be performed.
   Machine learning (ML) techniques are known, supported by the universal
   approximation theorem, to provide effective data-driven solutions to the
   above problems.  In this context, this paper addresses two case studies,
   corresponding to post-soldering thermal stresses and exposure to moderately
   high temperatures, for which two separate datasets have been built and 53
   different tiny ML models (collected into a zoo) have been devised and
   compared.  The ML zoo has been constructed with models such as artificial
   neural networks (ANN), random forest (RFR), and support vector regressors
   (SVR), able to predict the error introduced by the thermal drift and to
   compensate for the drift of the measurements.  The models in the zoo also
   satisfy the memory, computational, and accuracy constraints associated with
   their deployment on resource-constrained embedded devices to be integrated
   at the edge.  Quantitative results achieved by the zoo are reported and
   discussed, as well as their deployability on tiny micro-controllers.  These
   results reveal the suitability of a tiny ML zoo for the long-term
   compensation of MEMS pressure sensors affected by drift in their
   measurements.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE drift compensation; long-term errors; memory and computation constraints;
   model zoo; pressure sensors; thermal stresses; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1084
AR Navardi M, 2023, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS46773.2023.10181715
TI MLAE2: Metareasoning for Latency-Aware Energy-Efficient Autonomous Nano-
   Drones
AU Navardi M; Mohsenin T
TC 11
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB Safety, low-cost, small size, and Artificial Intelli-gence (AI) capabilities
   of drones have led to the proliferation of autonomous tiny Unmanned Aerial
   Vehicles (UAVs) in many applications which are dangerous, unknown, or time-
   consuming for humans.  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have enabled au-tonomous
   navigation while using captured data by drone sensors as input to the model.
   Due to the extreme complexity of DNNs, cloud-based approaches have been
   highly addressed in which a drone is connected to the cloud and sends the
   data to the cloud, and takes the result.  On the other hand, emerging tiny
   machine learning models and edge computing brings significant improvement in
   energy efficiency and latency with respect to cloud-based approaches.
   However, there is a trade-off in these two implementations for model
   accuracy, latency, and energy efficiency.  For instance, applying tiny
   machine learning models leads to lower latency but it sacrifices model
   accuracy in comparison to cloud-based computing.  To address these
   challenges, we consider multiple models and introduce a new approach named
   MLAE2 which applies Metareasoning approach for Latency-Aware Energy-
   Efficient autonomous drones.  Metareasoning mon-itors parameters such as
   latency and energy consumption for different algorithms and chooses the
   appropriate algorithm due to the environmental situation changes.  To
   Evaluate our approach we extract the power consumption and latency for both
   cloud-based computing and edge computing while deploying multiple models on
   a tiny drone named Crazyflie.  The experimental results show that MLAE2
   successfully meets the latency constraint while maximizing model accuracy
   and improving energy efficiency.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE autonomous systems; drone navigation; metareasoning; obstacle avoidance;
   tiny machine learning
ID antennas; deep neural networks; economic and social effects; edge computing;
   energy efficiency; energy utilization; green computing; learning systems;
   autonomous system; cloud-based; drone navigation; energy efficient; latency-
   aware; machine learning; metareasoning; modeling accuracy; obstacles
   avoidance; tiny machine learning; drones

---

UT 1090
AR Ghanathe NP/1, 2023, PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF, P123, DOI
   10.1145/3587135.3592204
TI T-RecX: Tiny-Resource Efficient Convolutional neural networks with early-
   eXit
AU Ghanathe NP/1; Wilton S
TC 11
SO PROC ACM INT CONF COMPUT CF
PY 2023
AB Deploying Machine learning (ML) on milliwatt-scale edge devices (tinyML) is
   gaining popularity due to recent breakthroughs in ML and Internet of Things
   (IoT). Most tinyML research focuses on model compression techniques that
   trade accuracy (and model capacity) for compact models to fit into the KB-
   sized tiny-edge devices.  In this paper, we show how such models can be
   enhanced by the addition of an early exit intermediate classifier.  If the
   intermediate classifier exhibits sufficient confidence in its prediction,
   the network exits early thereby, resulting in considerable savings in time.
   Although early exit classifiers have been proposed in previous work, these
   previous proposals focus on large networks, making their techniques
   suboptimal/impractical for tinyML applications.  Our technique is optimized
   specifically for tiny-CNN sized models.  In addition, we present a method to
   alleviate the effect of network overthinking by leveraging the
   representations learned by the early exit.  We evaluate T-RecX on three CNNs
   from the MLPerf tiny benchmark suite for image classification, keyword
   spotting and visual wake word detection tasks.  Our results show that T-RecX
   1) improves the accuracy of baseline network, 2) achieves 31.58% average
   reduction in FLOPS in exchange for one percent accuracy across all evaluated
   models.  Furthermore, we show that our methods consistently outperform
   popular prior works on the tiny-CNNs we evaluate.  © 2023 ACM.
DE adaptive inference; dynamic neural networks; early-exit networks; edge
   computing; tinyml
ID edge computing; internet of things; adaptive inference; convolutional neural
   network; dynamic neural networks; early-exit network; edge computing;
   machine learning; model compression; research focus; resource-efficient;
   tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1100
AR Katsidimas I, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23020896
TI An Impact Localization Solution Using Embedded Intelligence—Methodology and
   Experimental Verification via a Resource-Constrained IoT Device †
AU Katsidimas I; Kostopoulos V; Kotzakolios T; Nikoletseas SE; Panagiotou SH;
   Tsakonas C
TC 11
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Recent advances both in hardware and software have facilitated the embedded
   intelligence (EI) research field, and enabled machine learning and decision-
   making integration in resource-scarce IoT devices and systems, realizing
   “conscious” and self-explanatory objects (smart objects). In the context of
   the broad use of WSNs in advanced IoT applications, this is the first work
   to provide an extreme-edge system, to address structural health monitoring
   (SHM) on polymethyl methacrylate (PPMA) thin-plate.  To the best of our
   knowledge, state-of-the-art solutions primarily utilize impact positioning
   methods based on the time of arrival of the stress wave, while in the last
   decade machine learning data analysis has been performed, by more expensive
   and resource-abundant equipment than general/development purpose IoT
   devices, both for the collection and the inference stages of the monitoring
   system.  In contrast to the existing systems, we propose a methodology and a
   system, implemented by a low-cost device, with the benefit of performing an
   online and on-device impact localization service from an agnostic
   perspective, regarding the material and the sensors’ location (as none of
   those attributes are used). Thus, a design of experiments and the
   corresponding methodology to build an experimental time-series dataset for
   impact detection and localization is proposed, using ceramic piezoelectric
   transducers (PZTs). The system is excited with a steel ball, varying the
   height from which it is released.  Based on TinyML technology for embedding
   intelligence in low-power devices, we implement and validate random forest
   and shallow neural network models to localize in real-time (less than 400 ms
   latency) any occurring impacts on the structure, achieving higher than 90%
   accuracy.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE industrial wsn; pmma plate; pzt sensors; resource-constrained iot;
   structural health monitoring; tinyml
ID bone plates; ceramics; data analysis; genetic diseases x-linked; humans;
   intelligence; decision making; design of experiments; embedded systems;
   internet of things; low power electronics; machine learning; online systems;
   plates ( structural components ); real-time systems; embedded intelligence;
   experimental verification; hardware and software; industrial wsn;
   localization; machine learning; piezoelectric transducer sensor; pmma plate;
   resource-constrained iot; tinyml; bone plate; ceramics; data analysis;
   human; intelligence; x chromosome linked disorder; structural health
   monitoring

---

UT 1091
AR Doppala BP, 2023, J PERS MED, V13, DOI 10.3390/jpm13091338
TI An Efficient, Lightweight, Tiny 2D-CNN Ensemble Model to Detect Cardiomegaly
   in Heart CT Images
AU Doppala BP; Al Bataineh A; Vamsi B
TC 10
SO J PERS MED
PY 2023
AB Cardiomegaly is a significant global health concern, especially in
   developing nations.  Although advanced clinical care is available for newly
   diagnosed patients, many in resource-limited regions face late diagnoses and
   consequent increased mortality.  This challenge is accentuated by a scarcity
   of radiography equipment and radiologists.  Hence, we propose the
   development of a computer-aided diagnostic (CAD) system, specifically a
   lightweight, tiny 2D-CNN ensemble model, to facilitate early detection and,
   potentially, reduce mortality rates.  Deep learning, with its subset of
   convolutional neural networks (CNN), has shown potential in visual
   applications, especially in medical image diagnosis.  However, traditional
   deep CNNs often face compatibility issues with object-oriented human factor
   technology.  Our proposed model aims to bridge this gap.  Using CT scan
   images sourced from the Mendeley data center, our tiny 2D-CNN ensemble
   learning model achieved an accuracy of 96.32%, offering a promising tool for
   efficient and accurate cardiomegaly detection.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE cardiomegaly; convolutional neural networks; heart disease detection;
   lightweight neural network; tinyml; u-net
ID adult; algorithm; article; artificial intelligence; cardiomegaly; computer-
   assisted tomography; controlled study; convolutional neural network;
   diagnostic test accuracy study; female; heart disease; human; image
   segmentation; learning; male; mortality; mortality rate; radiography;
   receiver operating characteristic; sensitivity and specificity

---

UT 1158
AR Cho H, 2023, IEEE SENSORS J, V23, P23336, DOI 10.1109/JSEN.2023.3305024
TI Walking Speed Estimation and Gait Classification Using Plantar Pressure and
   On-Device Deep Learning
AU Cho H
TC 10
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2023
AB Speed estimation and gait classification are widely used in gait analysis
   for various applications such as medical diagnostics, rehabilitation, and
   human activity tracking.  Smart insoles provide a simple and good infra to
   measure steps and plantar pressure used for gait analysis.  This article
   proposes a speed estimation and gait classification using plantar pressure
   and on-device deep learning.  First, this article designs and implements a
   smart insole and Android application to collect plantar pressure data of
   human beings and then proposes the accurate speed estimation method.
   Second, I collect various gait datasets from the proposed smart insoles and
   then build lightweight deep learning models running on the smartphone and
   tablet PC in real time.  In addition, this article evaluated the performance
   of the proposed speed estimation and ON-device deep learning model.  As a
   result, the accuracy of speed estimation was nearly 97% and that of gait
   classification was also approximately 97%.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE activity tracking; bi-directional recurrent neural networks ( brnn );
   convolutional neural network ( cnn ); deep learning; deep learning network (
   dnn ); gait analysis; machine learning; plantar pressure; smart insole;
   speed estimation; tiny machine learning ( ml )
ID deep learning; diagnosis; learning systems; smartphones; activity tracking;
   brnn; deep learning; dnn; gait classification; machine learning; plantar
   pressures; smart insole; speed estimation; tinyml; gait analysis

---

UT 1283
AR Santoro L, 2023, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC,
   P293, DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT57462.2023.10180179
TI A Plug-and-Play TinyML-based Vision System for Drone Automatic Landing
AU Santoro L; Albanese A; Canova M; Rossa M; Fontanelli D; Brunelli D
TC 10
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC
PY 2023
AB Automatic landing is a feature that allows aerial robotic platforms to
   safely and accurately land without human intervention.  This paper presents
   a plug-and-play tiny machine learning vision-based system for automatic
   landing compatible with the Pixhawk flight controller series.  The proposed
   system is implemented on a low-power microcontroller, specifically OpenMV
   Cam H7 Plus, demonstrating that a constrained resources board can be used as
   a companion computer to enable autonomous functions for UAVs.  The
   experiments confirm the proposed system's effectiveness, capable of
   correctly identifying a landing pad and consequently controlling the UAV to
   align it over the pad center before landing.  The system overhead is only 2%
   of the UAV's total energy budget, with an accuracy of 93.5% and precision of
   94.0%.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE device-free localization; multipath-assisted localization; passive
   localization; sensorless sensing; ultra-wideband
ID antennas; drones; landing; visual servoing; automatic landing; device-free
   localizations; localization; multipath; multipath-assisted localization;
   passive localization; plug-and-play; sensorless; sensorless sensing;
   ultrawide band; budget control

---

UT 1341
AR Shakya S, 2023, IOT, V4, P57, DOI 10.3390/iot4020004
TI Convolutional Neural Network-Based Low-Powered Wearable Smart Device for
   Gait Abnormality Detection
AU Shakya S; Taparugssanagorn A; Silpasuwanchai C
TC 10
SO IOT
PY 2023
AB Gait analysis is a powerful technique that detects and identifies foot
   disorders and walking irregularities, including pronation, supination, and
   unstable foot movements.  Early detection can help prevent injuries, correct
   walking posture, and avoid the need for surgery or cortisone injections.
   Traditional gait analysis methods are expensive and only available in
   laboratory settings, but new wearable technologies such as AI and IoT-based
   devices, smart shoes, and insoles have the potential to make gait analysis
   more accessible, especially for people who cannot easily access specialized
   facilities.  This research proposes a novel approach using IoT, edge
   computing, and tiny machine learning (TinyML) to predict gait patterns using
   a microcontroller-based device worn on a shoe.  The device uses an inertial
   measurement unit (IMU) sensor and a TinyML model on an advanced RISC
   machines (ARM) chip to classify and predict abnormal gait patterns,
   providing a more accessible, cost-effective, and portable way to conduct
   gait analysis.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE deep learning; edge computing; iot; machine learning; tinyml

---

UT 1359
AR Van Delm J, 2023, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, V2023-July, DOI
   10.1109/DAC56929.2023.10247664
TI HTVM: Efficient Neural Network Deployment on Heterogeneous TinyML Platforms
AU Van Delm J; Vandersteegen M; Burrello A; Sarda GM; Conti F; Jahier Pagliari
   D; Benini L; Verhelst M
TC 10
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2023
AB Optimal deployment of deep neural networks (DNNs) on state-of-the-art
   Systems-on-Chips (SoCs) is crucial for tiny machine learning (TinyML) at the
   edge.  The complexity of these SoCs makes deployment non-trivial, as they
   typically contain multiple heterogeneous compute cores with limited,
   programmer-managed memory to optimize latency and energy efficiency.  We
   propose HTVM - a compiler that merges TVM with DORY to maximize the
   utilization of heterogeneous accelerators and minimize data movements.  HTVM
   allows deploying the MLPerf™ Tiny suite on DIANA, an SoC with a RISC-V CPU,
   and digital and analog compute-in-memory AI accelerators, at 120x improved
   performance over plain TVM deployment.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE compilers; convolutional neural networks; deep learning accelerators;
   heterogeneous computing
ID convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; energy efficiency;
   program compilers; compiler; convolutional neural network; deep learning
   accelerator; heterogeneous computing; learning platform; machine learning;
   network deployment; neural networks; optimal deployment; systems-on-chip;
   system-on-chip

---

UT 1422
AR Chowdhary M, 2023, INT CONF FUSION FUSION, DOI
   10.23919/FUSION52260.2023.10224228
TI On-Sensor Online Learning and Classification Under 8 KB Memory
AU Chowdhary M; Sayan Saha S
TC 10
SO INT CONF FUSION FUSION
PY 2023
AB Inertial sensors provide a low-power and high-fidelity pathway for state
   estimation and sensor fusion.  Inertial measurement units now feature on-
   chip processors for ultra-low-power information fusion, signal processing,
   and neural network-based classification at the extreme edge.  However,
   accounting for domain shifts, personalized inference requirements, and
   application diversity makes adopting existing learning-enabled on-device
   training, classification, and fusion frameworks for on-sensor processors
   difficult.  This paper introduces a method for personalized and on-device
   learning for on-chip classification, inference, and information fusion
   applications.  The proposed framework automatically segments and stores
   quantized gravity vector image templates and axes variance information of
   motion artifacts during training.  During inference, templates created from
   the time-series windows are matched against uniform blurred templates using
   the universal image quality index.  An adaptive rep counting module robust
   to varying motion primitives counts repetitions of matched motion
   primitives.  The framework requires no human-engineered parameters and
   allows for the personalization and addition of new motion artifacts.  Our
   framework recognizes human activities with 96.7% test accuracy and achieves
   an average rep count error of 0.44, while reducing the memory usage by
   1000-2000× over existing tiny machine learning on-device learning
   techniques, allowing on-sensor learning and inference under 8 KB of memory.
   © 2023 International Society of Information Fusion.
DE classification; inertial measurement unit; inference; intelligent sensor
   processing unit; on-device learning; rep counting; segmentation; template
   matching; tinyml
ID e-learning; information fusion; learning systems; template matching;
   inertial measurements units; inference; intelligent sensor processing unit;
   intelligent sensors; on-device learning; processing units; rep counting;
   segmentation; sensor processing; tinyml; classification ( of information )

---

UT 1427
AR Flores T, 2023, IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC, P62,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroAutomotive57488.2023.10219132
TI TinyML for Safe Driving: The Use of Embedded Machine Learning for Detecting
   Driver Distraction
AU Flores T; Silva M; Azevedo M; Medeiros T; Medeiros M; Silva I; Dias Santos
   MM; Costa DG
TC 10
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC
PY 2023
AB Among the main causes of road accidents, one of the most significant is
   related to driver distraction while driving, which is responsible for 18% of
   car accidents worldwide.  This situation has demanded the development of
   mechanisms to automatically detect this dangerous behavior while driving.
   One of the computational solutions that has been considered viable to detect
   situations like this is the use of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), but
   some complex issues arise when deploying CNN models in microcontroller-based
   embedded devices with constrained processing and memory capabilities.  In
   this context, this paper proposes a driver distraction detection system that
   achieves high accuracy (99.3%) and low latency (72ms) while requiring
   minimal computational resources (Peak- RAM of 164 KB and Flash of 52.7 KB).
   This solution exploiting Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) algorithms was
   developed with the support of the Edge Impulse platform, used to perform the
   entire ML pipeline, from data pre-processing and ML model creation to
   deployment into an Arduino Portenta H7 board.  By designing a driver
   assistance system that can be integrated into vehicles, it is expected that
   an affordable solution based on embedded machine learning is provided,
   tackling a real-world problem by potentially reducing accidents caused by
   driver distractions.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino portenta h7; computer vision; driver distraction; embedded machine
   learning; tinyml
ID accidents; advanced driver assistance systems; computer vision;
   convolutional neural networks; data handling; machine learning; random
   access storage; arduino portenta h7; car accidents; convolutional neural
   network; driver distractions; embedded machine learning; embedded machines;
   machine learning; safe driving; tiny machine learning; automobile drivers

---

UT 1460
AR Mallick S, 2023, SYSCON - ANNU IEEE INT SYST CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SysCon53073.2023.10131117
TI Sleep Apnea Detection System Using Machine Learning on Resource-Constrained
   Devices
AU Mallick S; Gawali S; Onime C; Goveas N
TC 10
SO SYSCON - ANNU IEEE INT SYST CONF PROC
PY 2023
AB Sleep Apnea is a condition in which a person has pauses in breathing or very
   low breathing episodes during sleep.  It is a condition that could prove
   life-threatening if not monitored and treated.  A medical diagnosis of Sleep
   Apnea involves overnight recording of body signals, monitoring by a medical
   professional, use of hospital based equipment and data analysis for
   detection of anomalies.  During the past decade, the measurement and
   analysis of human body signals using machine learning techniques on embedded
   devices have started to transform healthcare applications.  The use of cost
   effective micro-controllers can ensure that health monitoring is available
   and accessible to all.  In this paper, we show that machine learning models
   deployed on microcontrollers can successfully analyze ECG signals in real-
   time for Sleep Apnea detection.  We have created TinyML models using
   TensorFlow Lite which we have deployed on cost effective and resource
   constrained devices like the Raspberry Pi Pico and ESP32. Our setup has
   given results comparable to more advanced and expensive devices for the
   detection of Sleep Apnea using ECG signals.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE artificial neural networks; ecg; edge computing; edge impulse; embedded
   device; machine learning; signal processing; sleep apnea; tensorflow lite;
   tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; cost effectiveness; edge computing; machine
   learning; neural networks; signal analysis; sleep research; edge computing;
   edge impulse; embedded device; machine learning; resource-constrained
   devices; signal processing; sleep apnea; sleep apnea detection; tensorflow
   lite; tinyml; electrocardiograms

---

UT 659
AR Behnam P, 2023, IEEE MICRO, V43, P93, DOI 10.1109/MM.2023.3317243
TI Hardware-Software Co-Design for Real-Time Latency-Accuracy Navigation in
   Tiny Machine Learning Applications
AU Behnam P; Tong J; Khare A; Chen Y/2; Pan Y; Gadikar P; Bambhaniya A; Krishna
   T; Tumanov A
TC 9
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) applications increasingly operate in
   dynamically changing deployment scenarios, requiring optimization for both
   accuracy and latency.  Existing methods mainly target a single point in the
   accuracy/latency tradeoff space, which is insufficient as no single static
   point can be optimal under variable conditions.  We draw on a recently
   proposed weight-shared SuperNet mechanism to enable serving a stream of
   queries that activates different SubNets within a SuperNet.  This creates an
   opportunity to exploit the inherent temporal locality of different queries
   that use the same SuperNet.  We propose a hardwareâÂ€Â"software co-design
   called SUSHI that introduces a novel SubGraph Stationary optimization.
   SUSHI consists of a novel field-programmable gate array implementation and a
   software scheduler that controls which SubNets to serve and which SubGraph
   to cache in real time.  SUSHI yields up to a 32% improvement in latency,
   0.98% increase in served accuracy, and achieves up to 78.7% off-chip energy
   saved across several neural network architectures.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID application programs; hardware-software codesign; machine learning; network
   architecture; neural networks; software design; deployment scenarios;
   hardware/software codesign; machine learning applications; optimizations;
   real- time; single point; static point; subgraphs; subnets; time latency;
   field programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 887
AR Bello H, 2023, UBICOMP/ISWC ADJUN - ADJUN PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE
   UBIQUITOUS COMPUT ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT, P165, DOI
   10.1145/3594739.3610713
TI CaptAinGlove: Capacitive and Inertial Fusion-Based Glove for Real-Time on
   Edge Hand Gesture Recognition for Drone Control
AU Bello H; Suh S; Geißler D; Ray LSS; Zhou B; Lukowicz P
TC 9
SO UBICOMP/ISWC ADJUN - ADJUN PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE UBIQUITOUS COMPUT
   ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT
PY 2023
AB We present CaptAinGlove, a textile-based, low-power (≤ 1.15Watts), privacy-
   conscious, real-time on-the-edge (RTE) glove-based solution with a tiny
   memory footprint (≤ 2MB), designed to recognize hand gestures used for drone
   control.  We employ lightweight convolutional neural networks as the
   backbone models and a hierarchical multimodal fusion to reduce power
   consumption and improve accuracy.  The system yields an F1-score of 80% for
   the offline evaluation of nine classes; eight hand gesture commands and null
   activity.  For the RTE, we obtained an F1-score of 67% (one user). © 2023
   Owner/Author.
DE capacitive; gesture recognition; real-time; tinyml; wearable textiles
ID convolutional neural networks; gesture recognition; palmprint recognition;
   textiles; wearable computers; capacitive; f1 scores; gestures recognition;
   hand gesture; hand gesture recognition; inertial fusion; low power; real-
   time; tinyml; wearable textile; drones

---

UT 951
AR Preuveneers D, 2023, MIDDLEWEDGE - PROC INT WORK MIDDLEW EDGE ACM/IFIP
   MIDDLEW, P7, DOI 10.1145/3630180.3631201
TI On the adversarial robustness of full integer quantized TinyML models at the
   edge
AU Preuveneers D; Verheyen W; Joos S; Joosen W
TC 9
SO MIDDLEWEDGE - PROC INT WORK MIDDLEW EDGE ACM/IFIP MIDDLEW
PY 2023
AB The recent surge in deploying machine learning (ML) models at the edge has
   revolutionized various industries by enabling real-time decision-making on
   resource-constrained devices, such as TinyML models on microcontrollers.
   However, this trend brings forth a critical concern - the vulnerability of
   these models to adversarial examples.  ML at the edge offers tremendous
   potential but demands heightened vigilance in the realm of cybersecurity.
   Our research has shown that any adversarial robustness attained in standard
   TensorFlow models through adversarial training can be completely nullified
   during post-training full integer quantization to address resource
   constraints of edge devices.  This finding raises crucial questions about
   the adversarial robustness of TinyML models on microcontrollers limited to
   integer-only operations.  As edge computing continues to proliferate,
   addressing these vulnerabilities and developing lightweight defenses
   tailored to resource-constrained environments becomes imperative for
   ensuring the security and trustworthiness of edge-deployed ML models.  ©
   2023 ACM.
DE adversarial robustness; machine learning; microcontrollers; quantization;
   tinyml
ID controllers; cybersecurity; decision making; machine learning; network
   security; adversarial robustness; cyber security; integer quantization;
   machine learning models; machine learning; quantization; real-time decision
   making; real-time decision making; resource-constrained devices; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1086
AR Paul A, 2023, INT CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SUSTAIN DEV ICICT4SD - PROC, P382, DOI
   10.1109/ICICT4SD59951.2023.10303506
TI A Comprehensive Android App Based Solution for Automated Attendance and
   Management in Institutions Using IoT and TinyML
AU Paul A; Rakhaine N; Ohee NJ; Ahammad A
TC 9
SO INT CONF COMMUN TECHNOL SUSTAIN DEV ICICT4SD - PROC
PY 2023
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) has emerged as a revolutionary technology,
   transforming the way we interact with our surroundings and enabling a new
   era of connectivity.  The idea of IoT has led to numerous applications
   across numerous domains.  In the educational sector, however, IoT is still
   working out its challenges and concerns.  Hardware expenses, software
   implementations, security issues, management complications, and various
   other challenges are pulling backward the implementation of IoT in the
   educational sector.  This project paper introduces an effective solution
   model that combines the ESP-32 CAM microcontroller to reduce the expense,
   face recognition algorithms, the Edge Impulse platform, and TinyML in the
   process of smart attendance system.  Furthermore, this project incorporates
   the Flutter framework for mobile app development, providing a comprehensive
   medium for a seamless user experience.  This medium can increase the
   efficiency and engagement of the students by automating some administrative
   activities and offers a fun way to educate pupils.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; esp32 cam; flutter; iot; tinyml
ID android ( operating system ); cams; face recognition; flutter ( aerodynamics
   ); android apps; edge impulse; educational sectors; esp32 cam; flutter;
   issue managements; revolutionary technology; security issues; software
   implementation; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1247
AR Spadaro G, 2023, PROC - IEEE/CVF INT CONF COMPUT VIS WORK ICCVW, P1510, DOI
   10.1109/ICCVW60793.2023.00165
TI Shannon Strikes Again!  Entropy-based Pruning in Deep Neural Networks for
   Transfer Learning under Extreme Memory and Computation Budgets
AU Spadaro G; Renzulli R; Bragagnolo A; Giraldo JH; Fiandrotti A; Grangetto M;
   Tartaglione E
TC 9
SO PROC - IEEE/CVF INT CONF COMPUT VIS WORK ICCVW
PY 2023
AB Deep neural networks have become the de-facto standard across various
   computer science domains.  Nonetheless, effectively training these deep
   networks remains challenging and resource-intensive.  This paper
   investigates the efficacy of pruned deep learning models in transfer
   learning scenarios under extremely low memory budgets, tailored for TinyML
   models.  Our study reveals that the source task's model with the highest
   activation entropy outperforms others in the target task.  Motivated by
   this, we propose an entropy-based Efficient Neural Transfer with Reduced
   Overhead via PrunIng (ENTROPI) algorithm.  Through comprehensive experiments
   on diverse models (ResNet18 and MobileNet-v3) and target datasets
   (CIFAR-100, VLCS, and PACS), we substantiate the superior generalization
   achieved by transfer learning from the entropy-pruned model.  Quantitative
   measures for entropy provide valuable insights into the reasons behind the
   observed performance improvements.  The results underscore ENTROPI's
   potential as an efficient solution for enhancing generalization in data-
   limited transfer learning tasks.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep learning; entropy; pruning; tinyml; transfer learning
ID budget control; deep neural networks; learning systems; transfer learning;
   de facto standard; deep learning; entropy based pruning; generalization;
   learning models; learning scenarios; pruning; shannon; tinyml; transfer
   learning; entropy

---

UT 1331
AR Ali NF, 2023, PROC INT CONF MICROELECTRON ICM, P41, DOI
   10.1109/ICM60448.2023.10378901
TI Convolutional Autoencoder for Real-Time PPG Based Blood Pressure Monitoring
   Using TinyML
AU Ali NF; Hussein M; Awwad F; Atef M
TC 9
SO PROC INT CONF MICROELECTRON ICM
PY 2023
AB In this paper, we propose an efficient and robust convolutional autoencoder
   (CAE) model for continuous realtime blood pressure (BP) monitoring.  The
   proposed model was implemented on a resource-constrained edge device.  The
   model was built to capture the hidden patterns among successive segments and
   alleviate the effects of momentary glitches and outliers.  The model was
   deployed and assessed on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense in a real-time
   environment by means of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). Extensive results
   revealed that the proposed model improved BP prediction accuracy on both
   offline and real-time experiments.  With 4 features, the model achieved a
   mean absolute error±standard deviation (MAE±SD) of 2.81±2.84 and 1.51±1.85
   mmHg for systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP), respectively, on a
   dataset of 40 subjects.  Whereas microcontroller unit (MCU) based real-time
   continuous predictions attained 2.25±2.82 for SBP and 5.01±2.10 mmHg for
   DBP, on 8 volunteers.  Compared to the state-of-the-art models implemented
   on tiny devices, our model showed superior robustness and accuracy.
   Overall, the study offered some important insights into the significance of
   compact and impactful feature set and the effectiveness of the proposed
   model in a real-time setting.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino nano; blood pressure; convolutional autoencoder; mcu; ppg; tinyml
ID blood; convolution; learning systems; microcontrollers; arduino nano; auto
   encoders; blood pressure monitoring; convolutional autoencoder; hidden
   patterns; machine learning; microcontroller unit; ppg; real- time; tiny
   machine learning; blood pressure

---

UT 1374
AR Crepaldi M, 2023, IEEE ACCESS, V11, P119898, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3327517
TI An 8-bit Single Perceptron Processing Unit for Tiny Machine Learning
   Applications
AU Crepaldi M; Di Salvo M; Merello A
TC 9
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2023
AB We present a tiny MultiLayer Perceptron (MLP) accelerator named Single
   Perceptron Linear Vector Processor (SPLVP) that aims at extending the
   capabilities of limited resources MCUs, enabling inference time speedup and
   main CPU off-load.  It is based on a single perceptron hardware unit,
   enhanced with an additional accumulation input and scaling features, that is
   sequentially scheduled to cover all the nodes of the network.  The
   accelerator supports both linear and Rectified Linear Unit (ReLU) activation
   and its firmware can be generated from 8-bit tflite quantized models.  We
   also present a complete design toolchain that encompasses supervised
   learning, compilation, assembly, simulation, and device programming.  The
   hardware support for extra accumulation input and scaling, together with the
   processor memory partitioning, are the key features that enable significant
   speedups.  By solving a toy recognition problem based on image data captured
   from an infra-red camera, measurements show that the execution speed of
   SPLVP at 80MHz outperforms an ARM Cortex-M4 STM32L476 microcontroller by a
   factor of 9.2 when the same ANN is translated to MCU code using the STM
   CubeMX-Ai converter at the same clock frequency.  SPLVP is synthesized on a
   low-cost and gate-count Cyclone 10 LP FPGA resulting in an 18% logic and 77%
   memory occupation.  The SPLVP assembly code can be directly converted into a
   VHDL description that directly hardcodes the ANN. The execution speed of an
   ANN model for Iris classification, fully synthesized, improves by a factor
   of 209 compared to firmware execution on the MCU. To verify the operation of
   SPLVP and its design framework, we have designed various tiny Machine
   Learning (ML) classifiers, for which we briefly discuss the obtained
   performance and the preprocessing techniques used.  Across all these
   classifiers, the obtained speedup compared to the STM32 is 8.3-14.9 ×.  ©
   2013 IEEE.
DE compiler; design toolchain; fpga; fully connected neural network; mcu;
   multilayer perceptron; neural-processing unit; single perceptron linear
   vector processor; tiny machine learning
ID computer hardware description languages; decoding; firmware; integrated
   circuit design; machine learning; multilayer neural networks; multilayers;
   program compilers; compiler; design toolchain; fully connected neural
   network; linear vectors; machine learning; mcu; multilayers perceptrons;
   neural-processing unit; neural-processing; processing units; single
   perceptron linear vector processor; tiny machine learning; vector
   processors; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 1423
AR Hong CK, 2023, J ADV RES FLUID MECH THERM SCI, V107, P29, DOI
   10.37934/arfmts.107.1.2944
TI Analysis of Wind Speed Prediction using Artificial Neural Network and
   Multiple Linear Regression Model using Tinyml on Esp32
AU Hong CK; Abu MA; Shapiai MI; Haniff MF; Mohamad RS; Abu A
TC 9
SO J ADV RES FLUID MECH THERM SCI
PY 2023
AB This study provides the investigation of wind speed forecasting using an
   Artificial Neural Network (ANN) and Linear Regression Model with an ESP32
   chip.  A portable wind speed prediction system will aid in mitigating the
   risks associated with sudden gusts of wind by forecasting the maximum wind
   speed that may occur in the near future.  This research also demonstrates
   the application of TinyML in the field of Artificial Intelligence (AI) by
   applying a Multiple Linear Regression (MLR) and Artificial Neural Network
   (ANN) model to small, low-powered ESP32 microcontrollers to analyse data
   with low latency.  The system predicts wind speed in Setapak, Kuala Lumpur,
   based on the measured temperature and humidity using a DHT22 sensor and
   displays forecast results and sensor readings on LCD screens.  To measure
   the accuracy of the MLR and ANN models, the coefficient of determination
   (R2), mean square error (MSE), and root mean square error (RMSE) between
   predicted and actual results are evaluated.  Results indicate that the ANN
   model outperforms the MLR model for predicting wind speed.  © 2023, Semarak
   Ilmu Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE air quality; ann; embedded-system; esp32; multiple linear regression;
   tinyml; wind speed prediction

---

UT 1455
AR Vostrikov S, 2023, IEEE INT ULTRASON SYMP IUS, DOI
   10.1109/IUS51837.2023.10307059
TI Hand Gesture Recognition via Wearable Ultra-Low Power Ultrasound and
   Gradient-Boosted Tree Classifiers
AU Vostrikov S; Anderegg M; Leitner C; Benini L; Cossettini A
TC 9
SO IEEE INT ULTRASON SYMP IUS
PY 2023
AB Wearable ultrasound (US) is becoming more popular for complementing surface
   electromyography in the hand gesture recognition (HGR) task.  In fact, US
   allows collecting data from deep musculoskeletal structures with high
   spatiotemporal resolutions and high signal-to-noise ratio.  However,
   existing wearable US solutions for HGR are not sufficiently low-power for
   guaranteeing continuous, long-term operation, and they typically rely on
   data processing and classification approaches not suited for edge computing.
   In this paper, we present the first armband for hand gesture recognition
   based on a truly wearable (12 cm2, 13 g), ultra-low power (16 mW) ultrasound
   probe, complemented by a lightweight classification approach based on
   XGBoost gradient-boosted tree classifier.  We demonstrate an average cross-
   validated classification accuracy of 97% on four different gestures, while
   achieving low inter-session variability (standard deviation as low as 3%) in
   the scenario of armband removal and repositioning across experiments.
   Furthermore, thanks to its low complexity and memory usage (10 KB), the
   classifier can be executed in real-time on a low-power resource-constrained
   embedded platform.  The system consumes only 16 mW and enables multi-day
   operation with a 320 mAh battery.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE armband; energy efficiency; gesture recognition; tiny machine learning;
   ultrasonics; xgboost
ID data handling; gesture recognition; musculoskeletal system; palmprint
   recognition; signal to noise ratio; ultrasonics; armband; classification
   approach; gestures recognition; hand gesture recognition; low power; machine
   learning; tiny machine learning; tree classifiers; ultra-low power; xgboost;
   energy efficiency

---

UT 1480
AR Khajooei A, 2023, INF, V14, DOI 10.3390/info14040235
TI A Super-Efficient TinyML Processor for the Edge Metaverse
AU Khajooei A; Jamshidi M; Shokouhi SB
TC 9
SO INF
PY 2023
AB Although the Metaverse is becoming a popular technology in many aspects of
   our lives, there are some drawbacks to its implementation on clouds,
   including long latency, security concerns, and centralized infrastructures.
   Therefore, designing scalable Metaverse platforms on the edge layer can be a
   practical solution.  Nevertheless, the realization of these edge-powered
   Metaverse ecosystems without high-performance intelligent edge devices is
   almost impossible.  Neuromorphic engineering, which employs brain-inspired
   cognitive architectures to implement neuromorphic chips and Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) technologies, can be an effective tool to enhance edge
   devices in such emerging ecosystems.  Thus, a super-efficient TinyML
   processor to use in the edge-enabled Metaverse platforms has been designed
   and evaluated in this research.  This processor includes a Winner-Take-All
   (WTA) circuit that was implemented via a simplified Leaky Integrate and Fire
   (LIF) neuron on an FPGA. The WTA architecture is a computational principle
   in a neuromorphic system inspired by the mini-column structure in the human
   brain.  The resource consumption of the WTA architecture is reduced by
   employing our simplified LIF neuron, making it suitable for the proposed
   edge devices.  The results have indicated that the proposed neuron improves
   the response speed to almost 39% and reduces resource consumption by 50%
   compared to recent works.  Using our simplified neuron, up to 4200 neurons
   can be deployed on VIRTEX 6 devices.  The maximum operating frequency of the
   proposed neuron and our spiking WTA is 576.319 MHz and 514.095 MHz,
   respectively.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE edge computing; field programmable gate array ( fpga ); leaky integrate-and-
   fire ( lif ) model; metaverse; neuromorphic; spiking neural network ( snn );
   spiking winner-take-all ( wta ); tinyml
ID brain; ecosystems; edge computing; engineering education; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga ); network architecture; neurons; edge computing; field
   programmables; field programmable gate array; leaky integrate-and-fire
   model; machine learning; metaverses; neural networks; neuromorphic;
   programmable gate array; spiking neural network; spiking winner-take-all;
   tiny machine learning; winner-take-all; neural networks

---

UT 976
AR Albanese A, 2023, IEEE INSTRUM MEAS MAG, V26, P17, DOI
   10.1109/MIM.2023.10292593
TI Industrial Visual Inspection with TinyML for High-Performance Quality
   Control
AU Albanese A; Brunelli D
TC 8
SO IEEE INSTRUM MEAS MAG
PY 2023
AB In industrial processes, predictive maintenance or automated optical
   analysis of artifacts is fundamental to ensure high-quality products with
   low costs.  However, this step is still done by sophisticated systems or
   human operators.  Automating this process with low-cost solutions while
   keeping high product quality is one of the most challenging goals of the
   Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). IIoT fosters an automation-based
   production model that uses machine data to enable faster, more flexible, and
   more efficient production lines [1], leading companies to produce higher-
   quality goods at lower costs.  © 1998-2012 IEEE.
ID cost benefit analysis; high-quality products; human operator; industrial
   processs; low-costs; optical analysis; performance quality; predictive
   maintenance; sophisticated system; system operator; visual inspection;
   inspection

---

UT 1019
AR Chaoraingern J, 2023, INT J INTELL ENG SYST, V16, P263, DOI
   10.22266/ijies2023.1031.23
TI Real-Time Indoor Air Quality Index Prediction Using a Vacuum Cleaner Robot's
   AIoT Electronic Nose
AU Chaoraingern J; Tipsuwanporn V; Numsomran A
TC 8
SO INT J INTELL ENG SYST
PY 2023
AB To encourage the good health and well-being sustainable development goal,
   this article presents the design and implementation of real-time indoor air
   quality index (AQI) prediction using an artificial internet of things (AIoT)
   electronic nose integrated into a vacuum cleaner robot.  The objective of
   the proposed method is to implement an effective embedded AIoT solution
   utilizing sensor fusion and the TinyML framework for the purpose of
   strengthening the environmental health system with suitable current
   technology.  The high-accuracy sensor outputs of total volatile organic
   compounds (TVOC), humidity, equivalent carbon dioxide (eCO2), and PM2.5
   gathered as the dataset are normalized in the data pre-processing state and
   utilized to create trained models using dense neural networks (DNN) deep
   learning algorithms.  Tiny machine learning is responsible for neural
   network training, as it is capable of executing AI algorithms on embedded
   devices with extremely low power consumption and limited RAM and ROM
   resources.  The testing results demonstrate that the predictive model
   performed well, with 99% accuracy for a maximum absolute regression error
   less than 15 and an 18.33 mean square error.  The embedded device
   implementation uses Wio terminals with ARM Cortex-M4F microcontrollers for
   real-time indoor air quality index prediction and visualization.
   Experimental results demonstrating the average precision of the indoor AQI
   prediction were obtained at an average accuracy of over 98% with a
   computation time of 10 milliseconds and an acceptable usage of ROM and RAM
   resources of 8.5 KB and 1.1 KB, respectively, along with successive
   performances that satisfied web application data virtualization using the
   internet of things (IoT). © (2023), (Intelligent Network and Systems
   Society). All Rights Reserved.
DE aiot; deep learning; electronic nose; embedded ai; indoor air quality index;
   tinyml

---

UT 1033
AR Dong Y, 2023, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, V2023-July, DOI
   10.1109/DAC56929.2023.10247791
TI A Model-Specific End-to-End Design Methodology for Resource-Constrained
   TinyML Hardware
AU Dong Y; Jia T; Du K; Jing Y; Wang Q/1; Zhan P; Zhang Y/12; Yan F; Ma Y/1;
   Liang Y; Ye L; Huang R
TC 8
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) becomes appealing as it enables machine
   learning on resource-constrained devices with ultra low energy and small
   form factor.  In this paper, a model-specific end-to-end design methodology
   is presented for TinyML hardware design.  First, we introduce an end-to-end
   system evaluation method using Roofline models, which considering both AI
   and other general-purpose computing to guide the architecture design
   choices.  Second, to improve the efficiency of AI computation, we develop an
   enhanced design space exploration framework, TinyScale, to enable optimal
   low-voltage operation for energy-efficient TinyML. Finally, we present a use
   case driven design selection method to search the optimal hardware design
   across a set of application use cases.  Our model-specific design
   methodology is evaluated on both TSMC 22nm and 55nm technology for MLPerf
   Tiny benchmark and a keyword spotting (KWS) SoC design.  With the help of
   our end-to-end design methodology, an optimal TinyML hardware can be
   automatically explored with significant energy and EDP improvements for a
   diverse of TinyML use cases.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE accelerator; design space exploration; tinyml
ID computer aided design; energy efficiency; integrated circuit design; system-
   on-chip; design methodology; design space exploration; end to end design;
   end to end systems; hardware design; machine learning; resource-constrained
   devices; small form factors; tiny machine learning; ultra-low energy;
   machine learning

---

UT 1043
AR Yu S, 2023, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS, V70, P3099, DOI
   10.1109/TCSII.2023.3249245
TI A Heterogeneous Microprocessor Based on All-Digital Compute-in-Memory for
   End-to-End AIoT Inference
AU Yu S; He Y; Jia H; Sun W; Zhou M; Lei L; Zhao W/1; Ma G; Yang H/2; Liu Y/1
TC 8
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS
PY 2023
AB Deploying neural network (NN) models on Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices is
   important to enable artificial intelligence (AI) on the edge realizing AI-
   of-Things (AIoT). However, high energy consumption and bandwidth requirement
   of NN models restricts AI applications on battery-limited equipments.
   Compute-In-Memory (CIM), featured with high energy efficiency, provides new
   opportunities for the IoT deployment of NN. However, the design of CIM-based
   full system is still at the early stage, lacking system-level demonstration
   and vertical optimization for running end-to-end AI applications.  In this
   brief, we demonstrate a low-power heterogeneous microprocessor System-on-
   Chip (SoC) with an all-digital SRAM CIM accelerator and rich data
   acquisition interfaces for end-to-end AIoT NN inference.  A dedicated
   reconfigurable dataflow controller for CIM computation greatly lowers
   bandwidth requirement on the system bus and improves execution efficiency.
   The all-digital SRAM CIM array embeds NAND-based bit-serial multiplication
   within the readout sense amplifier balancing the storage density and system-
   level throughput.  Our chip achieves a throughput of 12.8 GOPS, with 10
   TOPS/W energy efficiency.  Benchmarked by the four tasks in MLPerf Tiny,
   experimental results show 1.8x to 2.9x inference speedup over a baseline CIM
   processor.  © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE accelerator; aiot; compute-in-memory; risc-v; system-on-chip; tinyml
ID bandwidth; computer architecture; computing power; data acquisition; energy
   efficiency; energy utilization; green computing; internet of things; neural
   networks; program processors; programmable logic controllers; ai-of-thing;
   all digital; common information model ( computing ); compute-in-memory;
   information modeling; random access memory; risc-v; systems-on-chip; task
   analysis; tinyml; system-on-chip

---

UT 1166
AR Viswanatha V, 2023, INT CONF APPL INTELL SUSTAIN COMPUT ICAISC, DOI
   10.1109/ICAISC58445.2023.10200240
TI Implementation of Smart Security System in Agriculture fields Using Embedded
   Machine Learning
AU Viswanatha V; Ramachandra AC; Hegde PT; Raghunatha Reddy MV; Hegde V;
   Sabhahit V
TC 8
SO INT CONF APPL INTELL SUSTAIN COMPUT ICAISC
PY 2023
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), a branch of machine learning that focuses on
   the effectiveness of machine learning on extremely constrained edge
   machines, is flourishing.  Deep learning techniques are being used more
   frequently lately in a variety of data-intensive and time-sensitive Internet
   of Things (IoT) apps.  Because MCUs lack resources like RAM, deploying new
   methods like Deep Neural Networks (DNN) models on them has proven
   challenging.  However, recent developments in the TinyML space promise to
   create a completely new class of peripheral apps.  By eliminating the need
   for the cloud's omnipresent computing support, which uses power and presents
   risks to data security and privacy, TinyML paves the way for the development
   of original apps and services.  Traditional machine learning needs a lot of
   processing capacity to predict a scenario.  This computational capacity will
   be moved from high-end systems to low-end devices thanks to the TinyML
   method for machine learning on small devices.  To keep the precision of the
   learning models, enable resource-efficient small edge devices to manage the
   training and deployment process, maximize computing capacity, and enhance
   dependability are some of the challenges presented by this change.  Here in
   this paper, we propose a efficient method to detect animals near farmland
   for security purposes using TinyML and compared with many algorithms and
   their effectiveness.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE animal detection; cnn; deep learning; object detection; smart agriculture;
   tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID agriculture; animals; deep neural networks; internet of things; learning
   systems; animal detection; data intensive; deep learning; embedded machines;
   learning techniques; machine learning; objects detection; smart
   agricultures; tensorflow lite; tiny machine learning; object detection

---

UT 1203
AR Pau DP, 2023, IEEE SENSORS LET, V7, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2023.3307119
TI TinyRCE: Multipurpose Forward Learning for Resource Restricted Devices
AU Pau DP; Pisani A; Aymone FM/1; Ferrari G
TC 8
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2023
AB The challenge of deploying neural network (NN) learning workloads on
   ultralow power tiny devices has recently attracted several machine learning
   researchers of the Tiny machine learning community.  A typical on-device
   learning session processes real-time streams of data acquired by
   heterogeneous sensors.  In such a context, this letter proposes Tiny
   Restricted Coulomb energy (TinyRCE), a forward-only learning approach based
   on a hyperspherical classifier, which can be deployed on microcontrollers
   and potentially integrated into the sensor package.  TinyRCE is fed with
   compact features extracted by a convolutional neural network (CNN), which
   can be trained with backpropagation or it can be an extreme learning machine
   with randomly initialized weights.  A forget mechanism has been introduced
   to discard useless neurons from the hidden layer, since they can become
   redundant over time.  TinyRCE has been evaluated with a new interleaved
   learning and testing data protocol to mimic a typical forward on-tiny-device
   workload.  It has been tested with the standard MLCommons Tiny datasets used
   for keyword spotting and image classification, and against the respective
   neural benchmarks.  In total, 95.25% average accuracy was achieved over the
   former classes (versus 91.49%) and 87.17% over the latter classes (versus
   100%, caused by overfitting). In terms of complexity, TinyRCE requires 22×
   less Multiply and ACCumulate (MACC) than SoftMax (with 36 epochs) on the
   former, whereas it requires 5× more MACC than SoftMax (with 500 epochs) for
   the latter.  Classifier complexity and memory footprint are marginal w.r.t.
   the feature extractor, for training and inference workloads.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE extreme learning machines ( elms ); feature extraction; hyper-spherical
   classifier; keyword spotting ( kws ); on-device learning; on-tiny-device
   learning; sensor systems; tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID classification ( of information ); complex networks; extraction; iron;
   knowledge acquisition; low power electronics; neural networks; benchmark
   testing; complexity theory; extreme learning machine; features extraction;
   hyper-spherical classifier; keyword spotting; learning machines; on-tiny-
   device learning; tinyml; feature extraction

---

UT 1212
AR Yauri R, 2023, INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI, V30, P229, DOI
   10.11591/ijeecs.v30.i1.pp229-236
TI Edge device for movement pattern classification using neural network
   algorithms
AU Yauri R; Espino R
TC 8
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG COMPUT SCI
PY 2023
AB Portable electronic systems allow the analysis and monitoring of continuous
   time signals, such as human activity, integrating deep learning techniques
   with cloud computing, causing network traffic and high energy consumption.
   In addition, the use of algorithms based on neural networks are a very
   widespread solution in these applications, but they have a high
   computational cost, not suitable for edge devices.  In this context,
   solutions are created that bring data analysis closer to the edge of the
   network, so in this paper models adapted to an edge device for the
   recognition of human activity are evaluated, considering characteristics
   such as inference time, memory, and precision.  Two categories of models
   based on deep and convolutional neural networks are developed by
   implementing them in C language and comparing with the TensorFlow Lite
   platform.  The results show that the implementations with libraries have a
   better accuracy result of 76% using principal component analysis inputs,
   obtaining an execution time of 9ms.  Therefore, when evaluating the models,
   we must not only consider their accuracy but also the execution time and
   memory on the device.  © 2023 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science.
   All rights reserved.
DE edge computing; edge device; embedded intelligence; internet of things;
   neural network; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1316
AR Yen C-H, 2023, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V22, DOI 10.1145/3607918
TI Keep in Balance: Runtime-reconfigurable Intermittent Deep Inference
AU Yen C-H; Mendis HR; Kuo T-W; Hsiu P-C
TC 8
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2023
AB Intermittent deep neural network (DNN) inference is a promising technique to
   enable intelligent applications on tiny devices powered by ambient energy
   sources.  Nonetheless, intermittent execution presents inherent challenges,
   primarily involving accumulating progress across power cycles and having to
   refetch volatile data lost due to power loss in each power cycle.  Existing
   approaches typically optimize the inference configuration to maximize data
   reuse.  However, we observe that such a fixed configuration may be
   significantly inefficient due to the fluctuating balance point between data
   reuse and data refetch caused by the dynamic nature of ambient energy.This
   work proposes DynBal, an approach to dynamically reconfigure the inference
   engine at runtime.  DynBal is realized as a middleware plugin that improves
   inference performance by exploring the interplay between data reuse and data
   refetch to maintain their balance with respect to the changing level of
   intermittency.  An indirect metric is developed to easily evaluate an
   inference configuration considering the variability in intermittency, and a
   lightweight reconfiguration algorithm is employed to efficiently optimize
   the configuration at runtime.  We evaluate the improvement brought by
   integrating DynBal into a recent intermittent inference approach that uses a
   fixed configuration.  Evaluations were conducted on a Texas Instruments
   device with various network models and under varied intermittent power
   strengths.  Our experimental results demonstrate that DynBal can speed up
   intermittent inference by 3.26 times, achieving a greater improvement for a
   large network under high intermittency and a large gap between memory and
   computation performance.  © 2023 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
   Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE deep neural networks; energy harvesting; intermittent systems; runtime
   reconfiguration; tinyml
ID energy harvesting; inference engines; middleware; ambients; data reuse; deep
   inference; intermittency; intermittent systems; power cycle; runtime
   reconfigurable; runtime reconfiguration; runtimes; tinyml; deep neural
   networks

---

UT 1361
AR Vitolo P, 2023, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V1005 LNEE, P146, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-26066-7_23
TI A 0.8 mW TinyML-Based PDM-to-PCM Conversion for In-Sensor KWS Applications
AU Vitolo P; Liguori R; Di Benedetto L; Rubino A; Pau D; Licciardo GD
TC 8
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2023
AB This paper proposes an ultra-low-power hardware architecture of a tiny
   machine learning (tinyML)-based conversion from Pulse Density Modulation
   (PDM) to Pulse Code Modulation (PCM). A hardware-aware efficient design of
   this conversion is essential to interface digital MEMS microphones, which
   outputs PDM signals, with audio processing systems, which takes PCM signals,
   in scenarios of in-sensor computing Keyword Spotting (KWS) applications.
   Neural network methods are used in a view to effectively combine the
   proposed converter with tinyML KWS systems, realizing an end-to-end KWS
   application.  The proposed converter consists of a 1-D Convolutional Neural
   Network, which has been 8-bit quantized to reduce the computational
   complexity while preserving a 48 dB of Signal-to-Noise Ratio.  The hardware
   accelerator has been implemented on a Xilinx Artix-7 FPGA, achieving a
   dynamic power consumption (DynP) of 182 µW, a utilization of 917 LUTs and
   361 FFs.  When the proposed converter is used in the KWS pipeline, the
   classification accuracy is 89% over 12 classes.  Synthesis results in TSMC
   0.13 µm CMOS report an area of 0.086 mm2 and a DynP of 837 µW, making it
   possible to integrate the converter into the sensor integrated circuit.  ©
   2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland
   AG.
DE in-sensor computing; keyword spotting; neural networks; pdm-to-pcm
   conversion; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; delta sigma modulation; pulse code
   modulation; pulse width modulation; signal to noise ratio; in-sensor
   computing; keyword spotting; machine learning; modulation signals; neural
   networks; pulse density modulation; pulse density modulation-to-pulse code
   modulation conversion; pulse code modulations; sensor computing; tiny
   machine learning; audio systems

---

UT 1403
AR Banerjee R, 2023, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1753 CCIS, P317, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-23633-4_22
TI A Light-Weight Deep Residual Network for Classification of Abnormal Heart
   Rhythms on Tiny Devices
AU Banerjee R; Ghose A
TC 8
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2023
AB An automatic classification of abnormal heart rhythms using
   electrocardiogram (ECG) signals has been a popular research area in
   medicine.  In spite of reporting good accuracy, the available deep learning-
   based algorithms are resource-hungry and can not be effectively used for
   continuous patient monitoring on portable devices.  In this paper, we
   propose an optimized light-weight algorithm for real-time classification of
   normal sinus rhythm, Atrial Fibrillation (AF), and other abnormal heart
   rhythms using single-lead ECG on resource-constrained low-powered tiny edge
   devices.  A deep Residual Network (ResNet) architecture with attention
   mechanism is proposed as the baseline model which is duly compressed using a
   set of collaborative optimization techniques.  Results show that the
   baseline model outperforms the state-of-the art algorithms on the open-
   access PhysioNet Challenge 2017 database.  The optimized model is
   successfully deployed on a commercial microcontroller for real-time ECG
   analysis with a minimum impact on performance.  © 2023, The Author(s), under
   exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE convolutional neural networks; ecg classification; healthcare; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; convolutional neural networks; deep neural
   networks; patient monitoring; automatic classification; baseline models;
   convolutional neural network; electrocardiogram classification;
   electrocardiogram signal; healthcare; light weight; real- time; research
   areas; tinyml; electrocardiograms

---

UT 544
AR Saha B, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3639856.3639903
TI From Wrist to World: Harnessing Wearable IMU Sensors and TinyML to Enable
   Smart Environment Interactions
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh SK; Roy RB
TC 7
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB In this demonstration paper, we introduce a pioneering method to elevate
   smart environment interactions using IMU sensor data from smartwatches or
   fitness trackers.  Central to our approach is the classification of hand
   gestures, facilitating a seamless synergy between human gestures and device
   interactions.  Through the integration of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
   techniques, our system expands wearables' functionalities beyond traditional
   fitness monitoring to include gesture-based controls.  The process comprises
   data collection, model training, and subsequent deployment to the wearable's
   microcontroller (MCU) for on-device machine learning inference.  Such on-
   device computing ensures data privacy, as no data is transmitted externally,
   and guarantees low latency for real-time responses.  Preliminary evaluations
   showcase the system's effectiveness in tasks like controlling PowerPoint
   presentations, managing table lamp operations, and interpreting specific
   hand gestures for device commands.  Notably, our system achieves commendable
   gesture recognition accuracy while optimizing resource usage, underscoring
   its vast potential in diverse smart environment settings.  © 2023
   Owner/Author.
DE gesture-based interaction; gestures recognition; human computer interaction;
   imu sensors; microcontroller deployment; on-device machine learning; real-
   time inference; resource footprint; smart environments; tinyml; wearable
ID controllers; data privacy; gesture recognition; human computer interaction;
   microcontrollers; wearable computers; wearable sensors; gesture-based
   interaction; gestures recognition; imu sensor; machine learning;
   microcontroller deployment; on-device machine learning; real-time inference;
   resource footprint; smart environment; tiny machine learning; wearable;
   machine learning

---

UT 936
AR Saha B, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3639856.3639859
TI TinyML-Driven On-Device Personalized Human Activity Recognition and Auto-
   Deployment to Smart Bands
AU Saha B; Samanta R; Ghosh SK; Roy RB
TC 7
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Human activity recognition has revolutionized health and fitness monitoring,
   although significant hindrances still exist.  One such difficulty is making
   a system that considers each person's unique physical activity features,
   routines, and preferences to provide personalized outcomes.  Another
   challenge is implementing on-device computing models that balance latency,
   energy use, performance, and accuracy.  To bridge this research gap, in this
   paper, BandX 2.0, a wrist-worn, customized human activity recognition smart
   band, is presented.  BandX 2.0 utilizes IMU sensors, along with a TinyML-
   driven on-device computing paradigm.  It has preloaded activity classes that
   can be customized based on an individual's unique movement style.  Users can
   add any number of activity classes by performing and recording the
   activities for a short duration, thus incorporating minimal calibration and
   intervention.  For personalised human activity recognition, a lightweight 1D
   Convolutional Neural Network is constructed by employing a transfer learning
   strategy, along with fine-tuning, using a small dataset gathered from the
   user's environment.  This approach led to a 37% increase in the accuracy of
   human activity recognition compared to generalized models.  The evaluation
   of BandX 2.0's performance was conducted by leveraging three benchmark
   datasets: WISDM, PAMAP2, and the BandX dataset.  Furthermore, this work
   proposed a cloud-supported framework for the automatic wireless deployment
   of the TinyML model to remote wearables.  The framework facilitates model
   customization in a cloud environment and enables on-device inference, even
   when limited target data is available.  © 2023 ACM.
DE auto-deployment; cloud; human activity recognition; on-device machine
   learning; personalization
ID convolutional neural networks; learning systems; pattern recognition;
   transfer learning; auto-deployment; computing model; energy use; human
   activity recognition; machine learning; on-device machine learning;
   performance; personalizations; physical activity; research gaps;
   benchmarking

---

UT 1014
AR Kimutai G, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P23, DOI 10.1145/3582515.3609514
TI A low-cost TinyML model for Mosquito Detection in Resource-Constrained
   Environments
AU Kimutai G; Förster A
TC 7
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Yearly, more than 200 million malaria cases are recorded worldwide.  Most of
   these cases are witnessed in less developed countries as the environments
   are not well-maintained, which forms breeding places for mosquitoes.  Female
   mosquito-anopheles is responsible for malaria infection, dengue,
   chikungunya, and zika.  Developing countries struggle to fight diseases;
   malaria still claims more than 400,000 lives annually.  One current way to
   keep away anopheles mosquitoes is using commercially available electric
   liquid mosquito repellents, which can adversely affect the human body when
   used for extended periods.  Furthermore, energy and sprays are wasted as
   they constantly work even without the presence of anopheles mosquitoes.  We
   propose a low-cost IoT-based TinyML model that intelligently discharges the
   mosquito repellent when an anopheles mosquito is in the room.  First, we
   prove the concept by exploring two lightweight deep learners with a 1D
   Convolution Neural Network (1D-CNN) and 2D Convolution Neural Network
   (2D-CNN) to classify raw sounds from mosquito wingbeats.  We adopted a Leaky
   ReLU in building the 1D-CNN to speed up training and improve classification
   performance.  Furthermore, we adopted batch normalization to avoid
   degradation and vanishing gradient problems.  We implemented the experiments
   in an Edge impulse platform.  Each of the CNN models recorded stable
   classification performance during the proof of concept study, while the
   1D-CNN took less time and computing resources in training, validation, and
   testing.  As we aimed to propose a low-cost solution, we evaluated the
   performance of the 1D-CNN-based prototype in the actual deployment by
   playing mosquito wingbeat sounds on a laptop which we placed next to it in
   intervals of 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5, and 3 meters.  The model showed
   promising results across distances and thus could be used to chase away
   mosquitoes in a room of small to medium size.  © 2023 Owner/Author.
DE artificial intelligence; internet of things; mosquito detection; tinyml
ID convolution; costs; developing countries; diseases; current; anopheles
   mosquitoes; chikungunya; classification performance; convolution neural
   network; less developed countries; low-costs; mosquito detection; mosquito
   repellents; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1036
AR Patel P, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES, P385, DOI
   10.1109/iSES58672.2023.00085
TI Real Time Voice Recognition System using Tiny ML on Arduino Nano 33 BLE
AU Patel P; Gupta N; Gajjar S
TC 7
SO PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES
PY 2023
AB This Paper outlines the creation, construction, and evaluation of a Real-
   Time Voice Recognition System using TinyML on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE, a
   hardware platform with limited resources.  Tiny ML consists of machine
   learning models that can be deployed on the low -energy and resource-
   constrained embedded system.  Real-time voice Recognition is used in virtual
   assistants like Siri, Google Assistant, Alexa, speech-to-text translation,
   vehicle Navigation, voice biometrics, home automation etc.  The work
   presents the implementation of real-time voice recognition wherein a TinyML
   model is trained using the EdgeImpulse framework and deployed on Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE device having a built-in microphone.  The model identifies the
   ON and STOP keywords pronounced by the user using Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   device's built-in microphone which then turns on a bulb connected to it via
   a relay.  The accuracy of the system is found to be 97 %. © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino nano 33 ble sense; edge impulse studio; internet of things; tinyml
ID character recognition; internet of things; speech recognition; arduino nano
   33 ble sense; edge impulse studio; hardware platform; lower energies;
   machine learning models; real-time voice; resource-constrained embedded
   systems; tinyml; virtual assistants; voice recognition systems; microphones

---

UT 1071
AR Wang J/3, 2023, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, V2023-July, DOI
   10.1109/DAC56929.2023.10247898
TI IP Protection in TinyML
AU Wang J/3; Wu Y/1; Liu H/2; Yuan B; Chamberlain R; Zhang N
TC 7
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is an essential component of emerging smart
   microcontrollers (MCUs). However, the protection of the intellectual
   property (IP) of the model is an increasing concern due to the lack of
   desktop/server-grade resources on these power-constrained devices.  In this
   paper, we propose STML, a system and algorithm co-design to Secure IP of
   TinyML on MCUs with ARM TrustZone.  Our design jointly optimizes memory
   utilization and latency while ensuring the security and accuracy of emerging
   models.  We implemented a prototype and benchmarked with 7 models,
   demonstrating STML reduces 40% of model protection runtime overhead on
   average.  © 2023 IEEE.
ID arm trustzone; co-designs; constrained devices; intellectual property
   protection; machine learning; memory latencies; memory utilization; power;
   runtime overheads; microcontrollers

---

UT 1095
AR Pau DP, 2023, CHIPS, V2, P130, DOI 10.3390/chips2020008
TI A Quantitative Review of Automated Neural Search and On-Device Learning for
   Tiny Devices
AU Pau DP; Ambrose PK; Aymone FM/1
TC 7
SO CHIPS
PY 2023
AB This paper presents a state-of-the-art review of different approaches for
   Neural Architecture Search targeting resource-constrained devices such as
   microcontrollers, as well as the implementations of on-device learning
   techniques for them.  Approaches such as MCUNet have been able to drive the
   design of tiny neural architectures with low memory and computational
   requirements which can be deployed effectively on microcontrollers.
   Regarding on-device learning, there are various solutions that have
   addressed concept drift and have coped with the accuracy drop in real-time
   data depending on the task targeted, and these rely on a variety of learning
   methods.  For computer vision, MCUNetV3 uses backpropagation and represents
   a state-of-the-art solution.  The Restricted Coulomb Energy Neural Network
   is a promising method for learning with an extremely low memory footprint
   and computational complexity, which should be considered for future
   investigations.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE hyper-parameter optimizations; microcontrollers; neural architecture search;
   on-device learning; resource constraints; tiny devices; tiny machine
   learning

---

UT 1165
AR Altayeb M, 2023, NUCL ENG TECHNOL, V55, P443, DOI 10.1016/j.net.2022.09.032
TI TinyML Gamma Radiation Classifier
AU Altayeb M; Zennaro M; Pietrosemoli E
TC 7
SO NUCL ENG TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB Machine Learning has introduced many solutions in data science, but its
   application in IoT faces significant challenges, due to the limitations in
   memory size and processing capability of constrained devices.  In this paper
   we design an automatic gamma radiation detection and identification embedded
   system that exploits the power of TinyML in a SiPM micro radiation sensor
   leveraging the Edge Impulse platform.  The model is trained using real gamma
   source data enhanced by software augmentation algorithms.  Tests show high
   accuracy in real time processing.  This design has promising applications in
   general-purpose radiation detection and identification, nuclear safety,
   medical diagnosis and it is also amenable for deployment in small
   satellites.  © 2023 Korean Nuclear Society
DE augmentation; edge computing; edge impulse; iot; tiny radiation sensor;
   tinyml

---

UT 1174
AR Chaoraingern J, 2023, INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL, V13, P2328, DOI
   10.18517/ijaseit.13.6.18958
TI Artificial Intelligence for the Classification of Plastic Waste Utilizing
   TinyML on Low-Cost Embedded Systems
AU Chaoraingern J; Tipsuwanporn V; Numsomran A
TC 7
SO INT J ADV SCI ENG TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB BCG’s implementation of the economy makes Thailand more environmentally
   conscious.  The consolidation policy encourages consumers to eliminate
   single-use plastics using the 3Rs.  This article introduces a solution to
   reduce plastic waste drastically using artificial intelligence.  Utilizing a
   low-cost Arducam Pico4ML embedded device and TinyML, a plastic waste
   classifying system prototype is developed for plastic bottle segregation.
   The grayscale image datasets of PET, HDPE plastic bottles, and unknown
   objects are adjusted in the image pre-processing state and utilized to
   create trained models using MobileNetV2 convolutional-based neural network
   algorithms.  Effective feature extraction and model training are performed
   on the Edge Impulse platform, and the trained model is exported to an
   embedded device using the optimized compiler.  A further RS485 Modbus
   communication protocol feature enables integration with a programmable logic
   controller (PLC). The validation results of the trained model indicate a
   classification performance of 100% accuracy.  Based on the average precision
   results, it is notable that the trained model can recognize the most common
   waste with an average accuracy of over 90%. The minimum classification rate
   of the MobileNetV2 quantized model is 249 milliseconds.  It is also
   implemented in low-cost embedded devices for real-time plastic waste
   classification using fewer processing resources (185.4K ROM and 88K RAM).
   The findings exhibit sequential contributions that satisfy the criteria for
   classifying plastic bottles and the machine’s integration capacity.  These
   outcomes are anticipated to foster social shifts in behavior and enhance
   public awareness about plastic waste management.  © 2023. IJASEIT is
   licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International
   License.
DE artificial intelligence; deep learning; embedded ai; plastic waste
   classification; tinyml

---

UT 1190
AR Boyle L, 2023, PROC IEEE SENS, DOI 10.1109/SENSORS56945.2023.10325126
TI Enhancing Lightweight Neural Networks for Small Object Detection in IoT
   Applications
AU Boyle L; Baumann N; Heo S; Magno M
TC 7
SO PROC IEEE SENS
PY 2023
AB Advances in lightweight neural networks have revolutionized computer vision
   in a broad range of Internet of Things (IoT) applications, encompassing
   remote monitoring and process automation.  However, the detection of small
   objects, which is crucial for many of these applications, remains an
   underexplored area in current computer vision research, particularly for
   embedded devices.  To address this gap, the paper proposes a novel adaptive
   tiling method that can be used on top of any existing object detector
   including the popular Faster Objects More Objects (FOMO) network for object
   detection on microcontrollers.  Our experimental results show that the
   proposed tiling method can boost the F1-score by up to 225% while reducing
   the average object count error by up to 76%. Furthermore, the findings of
   this work suggest that using a soft F1 loss over the popular binary cross-
   entropy loss can significantly reduce the negative impact of imbalanced
   data.  Finally, we validate our approach by conducting experiments on the
   Sony Spresense microcontroller, showcasing the proposed method's ability to
   strike a balance between detection performance, low latency, and minimal
   memory consumption.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE iot; microcontrollers; object detection; tinyml
ID automation; computer vision; controllers; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; object recognition; current; monitoring automation; neural
   networks; objects detection; process automation; remote monitoring; remote
   process; small object detection; small objects; tinyml; object detection

---

UT 1210
AR Medeiros T, 2023, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC,
   P54, DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT57462.2023.10180152
TI TinyML Custom AI Algorithms for Low-Power IoT Data Compression: A Bridge
   Monitoring Case Study
AU Medeiros T; Amaral M; Targino M; Silva M; Silva I; Sisinni E; Ferrari P
TC 7
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND40 IOT - PROC
PY 2023
AB The use of low-power IoT devices presents challenges for transmitting large
   amounts of data, particularly in remote and infrastructure-lacking
   environments, as is often the case in monitoring the structural health of
   bridges.  The low transmission rates and limited payloads of protocols like
   LoRaWAN exacerbate these challenges, making data compression techniques
   essential for efficient data transmission.  This study evaluates the
   performance of TinyML custom AI algorithms designed for low-power IoT
   devices as a solution for data compression.  We present a case study using
   real-world bridge monitoring data from the Queen's Park Bridge in Chester.
   We compare the performance of TinyML custom AI algorithms with other data
   compression algorithm, evaluating their compression ratios, error metrics,
   and processing efficiency.  Our results indicate that TinyML custom AI
   algorithms offer a promising solution for efficient data transmission in
   low-power IoT devices, particularly in infrastructure-lacking environments.
   These findings highlight significant opportunities for further research and
   development of custom AI algorithms for data compression in various IoT
   scenarios, emphasizing the importance of this study for optimizing data
   transmission in low-power IoT devices.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bridge monitoring; custom ai algorithms; data compression; internet of
   things; low power devices; tinyml
ID bridges; data communication systems; data compression; data transfer;
   structural health monitoring; ai algorithms; bridge monitoring; case-
   studies; custom ai algorithm; data-transmission; large amounts of data; low
   power; low power devices; performance; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1270
AR Sharif U, 2023, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE, V2023-April, DOI
   10.23919/DATE56975.2023.10137207
TI Efficient Software-Implemented HW Fault Tolerance for TinyML Inference in
   Safety-critical Applications
AU Sharif U; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Stahl R; Schlichtmann U
TC 7
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2023
AB TinyML research has mainly focused on optimizing neural network inference in
   terms of latency, code-size and energy-use for efficient execution on low-
   power micro-controller units (MCUs). However, distinctive design challenges
   emerge in safety-critical applications, for example in small unmanned
   autonomous vehicles such as drones, due to the susceptibility of off-the-
   shelf MCU devices to soft-errors.  We propose three new techniques to
   protect TinyML inference against random soft errors with the target to
   reduce run-time overhead: one for protecting fully-connected layers; one
   adaptation of existing algorithmic fault tolerance techniques to depth-wise
   convolutions; and an efficient technique to protect the so-called epilogues
   within TinyML layers.  Integrating these layer-wise methods, we derive a
   full-inference hardening solution for TinyML that achieves run-time
   efficient soft-error resilience.  We evaluate our proposed solution on
   MLPerf-Tiny benchmarks.  Our experimental results show that competitive
   resilience can be achieved compared with currently available methods, while
   reducing run-time overheads by 120% for one fully-connected neural network
   (NN); 20% for the two CNNs with depth-wise convolutions; and 2% for standard
   CNN. Additionally, we propose selective hardening which reduces the incurred
   run-time overhead further by 2x for the studied CNNs by focusing exclusively
   on avoiding mispredictions.  © 2023 EDAA.
DE error detection; safety; soft error; tinyml
ID application programs; cost reduction; error correction; error detection;
   fault tolerance; fault tolerant computer systems; hardening; low power
   electronics; microcontrollers; radiation hardening; random errors; code
   size; energy use; low power; microcontroller units; network inference;
   neural networks; runtimes; safety critical applications; soft error; tinyml;
   convolution

---

UT 1289
AR Accettola AG, 2023, INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT, DOI
   10.23919/SpliTech58164.2023.10193138
TI Dataset distillation as an enabling technique for on-device training in
   TinyML for IoT: an RFID use case
AU Accettola AG; Merenda M
TC 7
SO INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT
PY 2023
AB Enabling decision making at the far edge involves the capillarity
   distribution of Machine Learning models on resource-constrained devices with
   limited memory and computational capabilities.  In this context,
   implementing the training phase on the device itself is challenging for the
   aforementioned limitations.  The utilization of knowledge distillation as
   enabling technique for single- or few-shot on-device training on resource-
   constrained devices is presented in this work.  With the combination of
   histogram analysis and subsequent dimensionality reduction techniques, we
   show in this work an effective technique of dataset distillation that leads
   to condensate the information in very few observations.  The use of these
   techniques on a dataset built of measurements from Radio Frequency
   Identification (RFID) devices is the subject of a case study that we
   provide.  Our findings demonstrate that the suggested approach performance
   is comparable with state-of-the-art models while utilizing a sizable
   reduction in processing power and memory.  The contributions of this work
   are twofold.  Firstly, we provide a novel approach for on-device training
   which is particularly relevant for resource-constrained devices.  Secondly,
   we present an application of the proposed method to a challenging dataset of
   RFID data, demonstrating its effectiveness in a real-world scenario.  © 2023
   University of Split, FESB.
DE dataset distillation; few-shot learning; knowledge distillation; on-device
   training; resource-constrained devices; rfid; tinyml
ID decision making; internet of things; radio-frequency-identification ( rfid
   ); dataset distillation; decisions makings; enabling techniques; few-shot
   learning; knowledge distillation; machine learning models; on-device
   training; radio-frequency-identification; resource-constrained devices;
   tinyml; distillation

---

UT 1313
AR Lattanzi E, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P15, DOI 10.1145/3589883.3589886
TI Energy-aware Tiny Machine Learning for Sensor-based Hand-washing Recognition
AU Lattanzi E; Calisti L
TC 7
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Tiny wearable devices are nowadays one of the most popular and used devices
   in everyday life.  At the same time, machine learning techniques have
   reached a level of maturity such that they can be used in the most varied
   fields.  The union of these two technologies represents a valuable
   opportunity for the development of pervasive computing applications.  On the
   other hand, pushing the machine learning inference on a wearable device can
   lead to nontrivial issues.  In fact, devices with small size and low-energy
   availability, like those dedicated to wearable platforms, pose strict
   computational, memory, and power requirements which result in challenging
   issues to be addressed by designers.  The main purpose of this study is to
   empirically explore the trade-off between energy consumption and
   classification accuracy of a machine learning-based hand-washing recognition
   task deployed on a real wearable device.  Through extensive experimental
   results, obtained on a public human activity recognition dataset, we
   demonstrated that given an identical level of classification performance, a
   classic SVM classifier can save about 40% of energy with respect to a more
   complex LSTM network.  Moreover, reducing the LSTM complexity, by lowering
   the number of its internal unit, can make the LSTM network energy cost-
   effective (with a savings of about 30%) at the cost of a reduction in
   accuracy of only 2%.  © 2023 ACM.
DE energy aware; human activity recognition; long short-term memory networks;
   support vector machine; tiny machine learning
ID classification ( of information ); complex networks; cost effectiveness;
   economic and social effects; energy utilization; learning systems; long
   short-term memory; palmprint recognition; ubiquitous computing; washing;
   wearable technology; energy aware; hand washing; human activity recognition;
   long short-term memory network; machine learning; memory network; support
   vectors machine; time machine; tiny machine learning; wearable devices;
   support vector machines

---

UT 1351
AR Sakr F, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V546 LNNS, P564, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-16281-7_53
TI A Tiny CNN for Embedded Electronic Skin Systems
AU Sakr F; Younes H; Doyle J; Bellotti F; De Gloria A; Berta R
TC 7
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB The quest for efficient Tiny Machine Learning on Microcontroller Units is
   increasing rapidly due to the vast application spectrum made possible with
   the advancement of Tiny ML. One application area that could benefit from
   such advancement is Electronic Skin systems, that are employed in several
   domains such as: wearable devices, robotics, prosthesis, etc.  An e-skin
   system demands hard constraints including real-time processing, low energy
   consumption, and low memory footprint.  This paper presents a tiny
   Convolution Neural Network (CNN) architecture suitable for the deployment on
   an off-the-shelf commercial microcontroller in compliance with the e-skin
   requirements.  The training, optimization, and implementation of the
   proposed CNN are presented.  The CNN implementation is optimized through
   layer fusion and buffer re-use strategies for efficient inference on edge
   devices.  As a case study, experimental analysis of a touch modality
   classification task demonstrates that the proposed CNN-based system is
   capable of processing tactile data in real-time directly near the source
   while reducing the model size by up to 65% with respect to comparable
   existing solutions.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE convolution neural networks; electronic skin; microcontrollers; tactile
   processing; tinyml

---

UT 1354
AR Chollet N, 2023, INT CONF 6G NETW 6GNET, DOI
   10.1109/6GNet58894.2023.10317778
TI Embedded AI and Computation Offloading for 6G Green Communication
AU Chollet N; Bouchemal N; Amar R-C
TC 7
SO INT CONF 6G NETW 6GNET
PY 2023
AB While 5G systems are still not yet fully deployed, 6G Key Performance
   Indicators (KPIs) are already defined and qualified in terms of the true
   benefits that the 5G system brings: Ultra high capacity (10x of 5G), User
   data rate in scale of Gb/s (10x of 5G), Support for millions of connected
   devices (10x of 5G), Energy efficiency (300x of 5G), Ultra-low latency (10x
   of 5G), Ultra-high positioning accuracy (30x of 5G). Key Value Indicators
   (KVIs) such as Trustworthiness, Sustainability, and Fairness; are also
   targets of future 6G networks.  Nevertheless, among these indicators,
   sustainability is one of the primary goals.  We must continue to ensure good
   network performance regarding Quality of Service (QoS), security,
   flexibility, and intelligence while reducing the environmental impact.  This
   problem mainly occurs in Massive Machine Type Communications (MTC), where
   the number of devices increases exponentially, and most of these devices are
   battery-constrained and challenging to be charged.  Several 6G technologies
   are candidates, such as Green Communications, to address these challenges.
   It aims to reduce energy consumption and serve the network to a vast number
   of servers cost-effectively.  Green communication integrates energy saving
   in wireless links, hardware devices, and Infrastructure.  In other words, to
   ensure sustainability requirements, we need to rethink the design of every
   component of the 6G network: energy consumption in Wireless Links, energy
   consumption in Infrastructure, and energy consumption in Tx/Rx Hardware.
   Embedded Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an effective solution.  It allows
   constrained hardware to run complex AI algorithms, avoiding energy-costly
   transmission processes.  However, Embedded AI devices still need to offload
   some computation tasks, such as training, and current MTC communication
   protocols struggle to meet the requirements.  Thus, we propose a new
   communication design based on embedded AI and computational offloading in
   Massive MTC communication.  By using these two solutions, we show how future
   6G networks could integrate green communication energy saving in both Tx/Rx
   hardware devices and Infrastructure.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE ai; computation offloading; green communication; lora; tinyml
ID 5g mobile communication systems; benchmarking; computation offloading;
   computer hardware; energy efficiency; environmental impact; green computing;
   network security; quality of service; queueing networks; sustainable
   development; computation offloading; energy  savings; energy-savings; green
   communications; hardware devices; lora; machinetype communication ( mtc );
   tinyml; ultra-high; wireless link; energy utilization

---

UT 1372
AR Shankar R, 2023, INT CONF ADV COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICACCS, P1914, DOI
   10.1109/ICACCS57279.2023.10113053
TI Epilepsy Detection Using Embedded Machine Learning
AU Shankar R; Aadarsh K; Chellamani GK
TC 7
SO INT CONF ADV COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICACCS
PY 2023
AB Epilepsy is a persistent, non-communicable brain illness that affects around
   50 million individuals worldwide.  The repercussion of an epileptic seizure
   on the patient might be severe.  People who encounter epileptic seizures
   typically find that a quick reaction from medical services is crucial since
   it can reduce the harmful effects.  The Arduino Nano board is used in this
   design to help collect accelerometer data.  Edge Impulse, an embedded
   machine-learning platform, receives the data.  Edge Impulse processes this
   data and determines if the sample reflects a seizure or normal activity
   using Spectral characteristics and machine learning methods.  The type and
   order of the filter are included in the block of spectral characteristics.
   Variations of high-pass and low-pass filters are compared to not employing
   any filters at all.  The Dense layer neural network block aids in the
   model's ability to achieve better assessment metrics.  The results show that
   a high pass filter used to block spectral features delivers the highest
   accuracy with a 96.3% rate.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE api; ble; eeg; tinyml
ID learning systems; machine learning; multilayer neural networks; network
   layers; neurophysiology; api; ble; embedded machines; epilepsy detection;
   epileptic seizures; harmful effects; machine learning; medical services;
   spectral characteristics; tinyml; high pass filters

---

UT 1399
AR Aoueileyine MO-E, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V669 LNNS, P242, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-29860-8_25
TI Tiny Machine Learning for IoT and eHealth Applications: Epileptic Seizure
   Prediction Use Case
AU Aoueileyine MO-E
TC 7
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and the Internet of Things offer a new
   opportunity for resource-constrained embedded systems.  Conventional machine
   learning requires a lot of processing power to be implemented; the TinyML
   approach shifts the need for processing power to the cloud and produces
   lightweight models to run on an embedded device.  This paper introduces a
   TinyML workflow and explains the steps involved in creating a model and
   deploying it in a resource-constrained environment for an eHealth use case.
   A dataset of epileptic patients was used to build a model and then implement
   it on a microcontroller using TinyML A good performance was obtained using a
   Microcontroller for epileptic seizure prediction.  © 2023, The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE ehealth; embedded systems; epileptic seizure; iot; tinyml
ID ehealth; embedded systems; internet of things; microcontrollers;
   neurodegenerative diseases; neurophysiology; ehealth; ehealth applications;
   embedded-system; epileptic seizure prediction; epileptic seizures; iot;
   machine learning; processing power; resource-constrained embedded systems;
   tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1443
AR Donati G, 2023, COMPUT, V12, DOI 10.3390/computers12070129
TI Tiny Deep Learning Architectures Enabling Sensor-Near Acoustic Data
   Processing and Defect Localization
AU Donati G; Zonzini F; De Marchi L
TC 7
SO COMPUT
PY 2023
AB The timely diagnosis of defects at their incipient stage of formation is
   crucial to extending the life-cycle of technical appliances.  This is the
   case of mechanical-related stress, either due to long aging degradation
   processes (e.g., corrosion) or in-operation forces (e.g., impact events),
   which might provoke detrimental damage, such as cracks, disbonding or
   delaminations, most commonly followed by the release of acoustic energy.
   The localization of these sources can be successfully fulfilled via adoption
   of acoustic emission (AE)-based inspection techniques through the
   computation of the time of arrival (ToA), namely the time at which the
   induced mechanical wave released at the occurrence of the acoustic event
   arrives to the acquisition unit.  However, the accurate estimation of the
   ToA may be hampered by poor signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs). In these
   conditions, standard statistical methods typically fail.  In this work, two
   alternative deep learning methods are proposed for ToA retrieval in
   processing AE signals, namely a dilated convolutional neural network
   (DilCNN) and a capsule neural network for ToA (CapsToA). These methods have
   the additional benefit of being portable on resource-constrained
   microprocessors.  Their performance has been extensively studied on both
   synthetic and experimental data, focusing on the problem of ToA
   identification for the case of a metallic plate.  Results show that the two
   methods can achieve localization errors which are up to 70% more precise
   than those yielded by conventional strategies, even when the SNR is severely
   compromised (i.e., down to 2 dB). Moreover, DilCNN and CapsNet have been
   implemented in a tiny machine learning environment and then deployed on
   microcontroller units, showing a negligible loss of performance with respect
   to offline realizations.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE acoustic emission monitoring; capsule neural network; dilated convolutional
   neural network; time-of arrival estimation; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1454
AR Kumar Pandey V, 2023, INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN NETW TECHNOL ICCCNT, DOI
   10.1109/ICCCNT56998.2023.10307805
TI Advanced IoT-Based Fire and Smoke Detection System leveraging Deep Learning
   and TinyML
AU Kumar Pandey V; Jain S; Saritha SK
TC 7
SO INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN NETW TECHNOL ICCCNT
PY 2023
AB This research paper presents the development of an advanced IoT-based fire
   and smoke detection system leveraging deep learning and TinyML techniques.
   The objective is to create a real-time detection system optimized for
   deployment on resource-constrained devices like Raspberry Pi.  The proposed
   system aims to provide accurate and timely detection of fire and smoke in
   indoor environments using computer vision and machine learning.To achieve
   this, state-of-the-art deep learning models, including MobileNet,
   EfficientNet, ResNet, InceptionNet, and XceptionNet, are employed, as they
   have demonstrated promising results in image recognition tasks.  These
   models are optimized for real-time operation and adapted to run efficiently
   on low-power devices like Raspberry Pi.  Techniques such as quantization,
   pruning, and other TinyML-specific optimizations are utilized to reduce
   computational cost and memory usage while maintaining high levels of
   accuracy.The performance of the proposed system is evaluated through
   extensive testing in various indoor environments.  The evaluation focuses on
   accuracy, response time, and computational efficiency, comparing the system
   against existing fire and smoke detection systems.  The results demonstrate
   the feasibility and effectiveness of deploying state-of-the-art deep
   learning models on resource-constrained devices, highlighting the system's
   ability to provide reliable and cost-effective fire and smoke detection.  ©
   2023 IEEE.
DE computer vision; deep learning; fire detection; iot; raspberry pi; smoke
   detection; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; computer vision; constrained optimization; cost
   effectiveness; deep learning; fire detectors; fires; gas detectors; image
   recognition; internet of things; learning systems; deep learning; fire
   detection; fire detection systems; indoor environment; iot; raspberry pi;
   resource-constrained devices; smoke detection; smoke detection systems;
   tinyml; smoke

---

UT 598
AR Azevedo MB, 2023, MACH LEARN APPL, V14, DOI 10.1016/j.mlwa.2023.100498
TI Detecting face masks through embedded machine learning algorithms: A
   transfer learning approach for affordable microcontrollers
AU Azevedo MB; de Medeiros TDA; Medeiros MDA; Silva I; Costa DG
TC 6
SO MACH LEARN APPL
PY 2023
AB The adoption of face masks to halt the spread of airborne diseases has been
   recognized as an effective measure, being a significant resource to reduce
   new infections of different types of virus that affect the respiratory
   system.  In this sense, the enforcement of the use of masks in crowded areas
   has been a recurrent concern of governments, which has fostered the
   development of camera-based approaches to automatically detect people
   without face masks.  In order to tackle this problem, this article proposes
   a low-cost approach based on the use of affordable and energy-efficient
   microcontrollers to quickly process images and detect when people are not
   wearing face masks, performing local decisions.  For this on-the-edge
   processing, reduced Machine Learning models were created and evaluated
   through different techniques.  As a result, a complete processing pipeline
   was designed to perform a transfer learning process taking as reference the
   MobileNet model supported by the Edge Impulse platform, achieving an
   innovative TinyML solution for quick decisions on resource-constrained
   Internet of Things units.  Additionally, we performed a series of
   experiments on the Arduino Nano 33 board attached to an OV7675 camera
   module, evaluating the practical application of the proposed solution after
   proper training using public image datasets.  Working as a soft-sensor unit
   that is reproducible and ready to be used, the defined trainable model and
   the performed evaluation results represent a significant contribution
   towards real-world deployment of face masks detection systems.  © 2023 The
   Author(s)
DE edge computing; embedded machine learning; mask detection; tinyml; transfer
   learning
ID cameras; edge computing; energy efficiency; face recognition; learning
   algorithms; microcontrollers; respiratory system; viruses; edge computing;
   embedded machine learning; embedded machines; face masks; learning approach;
   machine learning algorithms; machine learning; mask detection; tinyml;
   transfer learning; machine learning

---

UT 843
AR Al-Ameen S, 2023, IEEE/ACM INT CONF UTIL CLOUD COMPUT UCC, DOI
   10.1145/3603166.3632164
TI Tiny-Impute: A Framework for On-device Data Quality Validation, Hybrid
   Anomaly Detection, and Data Imputation at the Edge
AU Al-Ameen S; Sudharsan B; Szydlo T; Al-Taie R; Shah T; Ranjan R
TC 6
SO IEEE/ACM INT CONF UTIL CLOUD COMPUT UCC
PY 2023
AB In the landscape of Internet of Things (IoT) systems, data quality
   degradation can occur continuously for several reasons, such as sensor
   malfunctions, intermittent network availability, device maintenance, or
   incomplete data collection.  This paper proposes three efficient data
   quality validation and imputation algorithms that identify and replace noisy
   and missing values with better-quality data.  We extensively stress-tested
   and evaluated our algorithms by deploying them on microcontrollers and small
   CPU-based IoT boards with memory limited to as little as 32KB. We simulated
   a sensor data stream using five real-world datasets, including data
   collected from the Newcastle Urban Observatory.  In this setup, each
   algorithm excelled in different areas, consistently demonstrating high
   performance across 100 samples in terms of high energy efficiency (0.014 J),
   low computation time (85.94 ms), and low error rates (0.0019 MAE, 0.0027
   RMSE). Remarkably, we found that on average, our algorithms running on
   hardware, costing less than $10, showed performance on par with state-of-
   the-art methods on high-end devices.  The results also demonstrated that our
   algorithms enabled on-device cleansing of live streaming sensor data,
   eliminating the dependency on cloud services and allowing for real-time data
   quality validation and processing at the edge.  © 2023 Copyright is held by
   the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE data imputation; edge computing; iot devices; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; computational efficiency; data reduction; data streams;
   edge computing; energy efficiency; anomaly detection; data imputation; data
   quality; device data; edge computing; internet of thing device; performance;
   quality degradation; sensors data; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1050
AR Leite S, 2023, IEEE INT SYMP IND ELECTRON, V2023-June, DOI
   10.1109/ISIE51358.2023.10228140
TI Embedded Intelligence of End Devices with MOS Sensors for CH4Detection
AU Leite S; Costa R; Carvalho J; Sapage T; Bessa R; Paiva S
TC 6
SO IEEE INT SYMP IND ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB Environmental CH4 detection is critical in several applications from
   different sectors, from accident prevention to cost reduction in production
   and avoiding equipment and infrastructure damage.  This paper's demonstrates
   the feasibility of using low-power (low-cost) IoT end devices that
   incorporate metal-oxide-semiconductor (MOS) sensors with machine learning
   models for measuring CH4 concentrations.  MOS sensors are characterized by
   high sensitivity and low power consumption, making them capable of detecting
   small concentrations of certain gases and a good choice for systems with a
   low energy (and low cost) budget.  However, these sensors present strong
   nonlinearities.  One way to get around this problem is by implementing
   tinyML models.  This paper aims to analyze the limitations of conventional
   MOS sensors in detecting CH4 and to propose potential solutions.  Various
   strategies will be detailed, including sensor heating at different
   temperatures and data fusion from multiple sensors to enhance the accuracy
   of CH4 detection using low power IoT end devices.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE ch4 detection; machine learning; mos sensors; tinyml
ID budget control; damage detection; data fusion; internet of things; machine
   learning; mos devices; oxide semiconductors; ch 4; ch4 detection; costs
   reduction; embedded intelligence; end-devices; low power; low-costs; machine
   learning; metal-oxide semiconductor sensors; tinyml; cost reduction

---

UT 1085
AR Krayden A, 2023, MICROMACHINES, V14, DOI 10.3390/mi14020390
TI Selective Sensing of Mixtures of Gases with CMOS-SOI-MEMS Sensor Dubbed GMOS
AU Krayden A; Shlenkevitch D; Blank T; Stolyarova S; Nemirovsky Y
TC 6
SO MICROMACHINES
PY 2023
AB The need to achieve digital gas sensing technology, namely, a technology to
   sense and transmit gas-enabled digital media, has been recognized as highly
   challenging.  This challenge has motivated the authors to focus on
   complementary metal oxide semiconductor silicon on insulator micro electro-
   mechanical system (CMOS-SOI-MEMS) technologies, and the result is a new
   pellistor-like sensor, dubbed GMOS, with integrated signal processing.  In
   this study, we describe the performance of such sensors for the selective
   detection of mixtures of gases.  The novel key ideas of this study are: (i)
   the use of the GMOS for gas sensing; (ii) applying the Kalman filter to
   improve the signal-to-noise ratio; (iii) adding artificial intelligence (AI)
   with tiny edge approach.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE classification; data analytics; gas sensor; kalman-filtering; machine
   learning; mems; mos; soi; tinyml
ID chemical detection; chemical sensors; cmos integrated circuits; data
   analytics; digital storage; gas detectors; mems; mos devices; oxide
   semiconductors; signal to noise ratio; silicon on insulator technology;
   complementary metal-oxide semiconductors; data analytics; gas-sensors;
   kalman-filtering; machine learning; mems ( microelectromechanical system );
   mos; silicon on insulator; soi; tinyml; gasses

---

UT 1151
AR Sayan Saha S, 2023, IEEE/ION POSITION LOCAT NAVIG SYMP PLANS, P708, DOI
   10.1109/PLANS53410.2023.10139997
TI Inertial Navigation on Extremely Resource-Constrained Platforms: Methods,
   Opportunities and Challenges
AU Sayan Saha S; Du Y/1; Sandha SS; Garcia LA; Jawed MK; Srivastava M
TC 6
SO IEEE/ION POSITION LOCAT NAVIG SYMP PLANS
PY 2023
AB Inertial navigation provides a small footprint, low-power, and low-cost
   pathway for localization in GPS-denied environments on extremely resource-
   constrained Internet-of-Things (IoT) platforms.  Traditionally, application-
   specific heuristics and physics-based kinematic models are used to mitigate
   the curse of drift in inertial odometry.  These techniques, albeit
   lightweight, fail to handle domain shifts and environmental non-linearities.
   Recently, deep neural-inertial sequence learning has shown superior
   odometric resolution in capturing non-linear motion dynamics without human
   knowledge over heuristic-based methods.  These AI-based techniques are data-
   hungry, suffer from excessive resource usage, and cannot guarantee following
   the underlying system physics.  This paper highlights the unique methods,
   opportunities, and challenges in porting real-time AI-enhanced inertial
   navigation algorithms onto IoT platforms.  First, we discuss how platform-
   aware neural architecture search coupled with ultra-lightweight model
   backbones can yield neural-inertial odometry models that are 31-134 x
   smaller yet achieve or exceed the localization resolution of state-of-the-
   art AI-enhanced techniques.  The framework can generate models suitable for
   locating humans, animals, underwater sensors, aerial vehicles, and precision
   robots.  Next, we showcase how techniques from neurosymbolic AI can yield
   physics-informed and interpretable neural-inertial navigation models.
   Afterward, we present opportunities for fine-tuning pre-trained odometry
   models in a new domain with as little as 1 minute of labeled data, while
   discussing inexpensive data collection and labeling techniques.  Finally, we
   identify several open research challenges that demand careful consideration
   moving forward.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bayesian; dead reckoning; inertial; kalman-filtering; neural architecture
   search; neural networks; neurosym-bolic; odometry; platform-aware; sequence
   learning; tinyml
ID air navigation; antennas; bayesian networks; inertial navigation systems;
   internet of things; kinematics; learning systems; network architecture;
   robots; bayesian; dead reckoning; inertial; kalman-filtering; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; neural networks; neurosym-bolic;
   odometry; platform-aware; sequence learning; tinyml; heuristic methods

---

UT 1153
AR Nguyen V-K, 2023, INT J ELECTR COMPUT ENG, V13, P5727, DOI
   10.11591/ijece.v13i5.pp5727-5736
TI A multi-microcontroller-based hardware for deploying Tiny machine learning
   model
AU Nguyen V-K; Tran V-K; Pham H; Nguyen V-M; Nguyen H-D; Nguyen C-N
TC 6
SO INT J ELECTR COMPUT ENG
PY 2023
AB The tiny machine learning (TinyML) has been considered to apply on the edge
   devices where the resource-constrained micro-controller units (MCUs) were
   used.  Finding a good platform to deploy the TinyML effectively is very
   crucial.  The paper aims to propose a multiple micro-controller hardware
   platform for productively running the TinyML model.  The proposed hardware
   consists of two dual-core MCUs.  The first MCU is utilized for acquiring and
   processing input data, while the second one is responsible for executing the
   trained TinyML network.  Two MCUs communicate with each other using the
   universal asynchronous receiver-transmitter (UART) protocol.  The
   multitasking programming technique is mainly applied on the first MCU to
   optimize the pre-processing new data.  A three-phase motors faults
   classification TinyML model was deployed on the proposed system to evaluate
   the effectiveness.  The experimental results prove that our proposed
   hardware platform was improved 34.8% of the total inference time including
   pre-processing data of the proposed TinyML model in comparing with single
   micro-controller hardware platform.  © 2023 Institute of Advanced
   Engineering and Science.  All rights reserved.
DE gray scale spectrogram image; multi-tasking programming; real-time operating
   system; real-time recognition; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1177
AR Vitelli M/1, 2023, COMPUT, V12, DOI 10.3390/computers12020023
TI SENSIPLUS-LM: A Low-Cost EIS-Enabled Microchip Enhanced with an Open-Source
   Tiny Machine Learning Toolchain
AU Vitelli M/1; Cerro G; Gerevini L; Miele G; Ria A/1; Molinara M/1
TC 6
SO COMPUT
PY 2023
AB The technological step towards sensors’ miniaturization, low-cost platforms,
   and evolved communication paradigms is rapidly moving the monitoring and
   computation tasks to the edge, causing the joint use of the Internet of
   Things (IoT) and machine learning (ML) to be massively employed.  Edge
   devices are often composed of sensors and actuators, and their behavior
   depends on the relative rapid inference of specific conditions.  Therefore,
   the computation and decision-making processes become obsolete and
   ineffective by communicating raw data and leaving them to a centralized
   system.  This paper responds to this need by proposing an integrated
   architecture, able to host both the sensing part and the learning and
   classifying mechanisms, empowered by ML, directly on board and thus able to
   overcome some of the limitations presented by off-the-shelf solutions.  The
   presented system is based on a proprietary platform named SENSIPLUS, a
   multi-sensor device especially devoted to performing electrical impedance
   spectroscopy (EIS) on a wide frequency interval.  The measurement
   acquisition, data processing, and embedded classification techniques are
   supported by a system capable of generating and compiling code
   automatically, which uses a toolchain to run inference routines on the edge.
   As a case study, the system capabilities of such a platform in this work are
   exploited for water quality assessment.  The joint system, composed of the
   measurement platform and the developed toolchain, is named SENSIPLUS-LM,
   standing for SENSIPLUS learning machine.  The introduction of the toolchain
   empowers the SENSIPLUS platform moving the inference phase of the machine
   learning algorithm to the edge, thus limiting the needs of external
   computing platforms.  The software part, i.e., the developed toolchain, is
   available for free download from GitLab, as reported in this paper.  © 2023
   by the authors.
DE eis; iot; pollution monitoring; smart city; smart platform; tiny machine
   learning

---

UT 1201
AR Katsidimas I, 2023, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST, P947,
   DOI 10.1145/3560905.3568298
TI Smart Objects: Impact localization powered by TinyML
AU Katsidimas I; Kotzakolios T; Nikoletseas S; Panagiotou SH; Tsakonas C
TC 6
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST
PY 2023
AB Growing momentum in embedded systems and the wide use of sensors in everyday
   life, have motivated significantly, novel research in Internet of Things
   (IoT) systems and on-device Machine Learning (TinyML) processing.  However,
   limitations in the energy stock and the computational capabilities of
   resource-scarce devices prevent the implementation of complex ML algorithms
   in IoT devices, which typically have limited computing power, small memory,
   and generate large amounts of data.  This paper, aims to research and
   exploit the TinyML emerging technology for embedding intelligence in low-
   power devices, towards next generation IoT paradigm and smart sensing, in
   the context of SHM. In particular, the purpose is to provide integrated SHM
   functionality in plastic structures and thus make them "conscious"and self-
   explanatory (smart objects), by being able to localize any occurring impacts
   on the structure.  We implement and benchmark Random Forest and Shallow
   Neural Network models on Arduino NANO 33 BLE, using an experimental dataset
   of piezoelectric sensor measurements concerning impact events in a thin
   plastic plate.  The classification and model footprint results, 98.71% - 8KB
   and 95.35% - 12KB of accuracy and flash memory size for each model
   respectively, are very promising and constitute a solid baseline for
   motivating our concept.  © 2022 ACM.
DE extreme edge; intelligent iot; piezoelectric transducers; structural health
   monitoring; tinyml
ID computing power; embedded systems; flash memory; piezoelectricity;
   structural health monitoring; computational capability; computing power;
   embedded-system; energy; extreme edge; intelligent internet of thing;
   localization; machine learning; smart objects; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1231
AR Heo S, 2023, CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/I2MTC53148.2023.10175902
TI Low-cost Smart Raven Deterrent System with Tiny Machine Learning for Smart
   Agriculture
AU Heo S; Baumann N; Margelisch C; Giordano M; Magno M
TC 6
SO CONF REC IEEE INSTRUM MEAS TECHNOL CONF
PY 2023
AB Smart farming is a promising application domain for the Internet of Things,
   which helps farmers to reduce operating costs and increase their profit with
   automation.  Bird or raven deterrence is one example of the potential use of
   the Internet of Things paradigm leading to smart farming applications.
   Recently, drone-based approaches have demonstrated efficacy to detect and
   expel birds that reduce crop yield, but on the other side, those solutions
   are relatively high-cost options for farmers because they require expensive
   devices such as desktop-level computers and autonomous drones.  This paper
   proposes a maintenance-free, energy-efficient, and low-cost smart raven
   deterrent system with edge computing, which runs completely standalone and
   self-sustainable.  In particular, a tiny convolutional neural network has
   been proposed and optimized for multi-core microcontrollers.  To demonstrate
   the effectiveness of the system and the neural network, the paper presents a
   developed prototype system with a novel hexa-core ARM Cortex-M4F platform,
   namely Spresense from Sony.  The evaluation results show that the prototype
   system obtains a detection accuracy of 77 % for test samples and consumes an
   average power of 85.1 mW. © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge computing; embedded systems; smart agriculture; tiny machine learning
ID agricultural robots; convolutional neural networks; cost reduction; drones;
   edge computing; embedded systems; energy efficiency; farms; internet of
   things; machine learning; operating costs; applications domains; crop yield;
   edge computing; embedded-system; high costs; low-costs; machine learning;
   prototype system; smart agricultures; tiny machine learning; birds

---

UT 1234
AR Tragoudaras A, 2023, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS46773.2023.10181950
TI TinyML for EEG Decoding on Microcontrollers
AU Tragoudaras A; Antoniadis C; Massoud Y
TC 6
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB The accurate decoding of ElectroEncephaloGraphy (EEG) signals would bring us
   closer to understanding brain functionality, opening new pathways to fixing
   brain impairments and devising new Brain-Computer Interface (BCI)-related
   applications.  The impressive success of deep convolutional neural networks
   extracting information from raw data in computer vision and natural language
   processing has motivated their investigation into EEG signal decoding.
   Consequently, a number of deep convolutional neural network models with
   state-of-the-art performance have been proposed in the literature for EEG
   signal decoding.  However, because all these works aimed to find the model
   architecture with the best decoding accuracy, the model's size was left
   unbounded in that exploration.  Considering the model size in the design of
   deep convolutional neural networks for EEG decoding could make their
   implementation on low-power microcontrollers (that may be integrated into a
   wearable system) with limited memory feasible.  Thus, in this paper, we
   search for the most accurate deep convolutional neural network on the BCI
   Competition IV 2a dataset that can also fit in a microcontroller with less
   than 256KB SRAM. Specifically, we use a Neural Architecture Search (NAS)
   algorithm that considers, apart from the model's accuracy, the model size,
   the latency, and the peak memory utilization when running the model's
   inference.  We compare our models with the model with the best decoding
   accuracy in the literature on the BCI Competition IV 2a dataset (baseline).
   We show that the discovered models could achieve similar accuracy to the
   baseline model while shrinking the memory footprint during inference by a
   factor of ≈ ×20, with a speedup in latency of up to ×1.7 on average.  © 2023
   IEEE.
DE brain computer interface; eeg signals; mcus; tinyautoml; wearables
ID brain; brain computer interface; controllers; convolution; convolutional
   neural networks; decoding; deep neural networks; electroencephalography;
   electrophysiology; inference engines; memory architecture; natural language
   processing systems; network architecture; static random access storage;
   convolutional neural network; electroencephalography signal; extracting
   information; language processing; mcu; model size; natural languages; neural
   network model; tinyautoml; wearables; microcontrollers

---

UT 1244
AR Dockendorf C, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES, P429, DOI
   10.1109/iSES58672.2023.00096
TI Lite-Agro 2.0: Integrating Federated and TinyML in Pear Disease
   Classification IoAT-Edge AI
AU Dockendorf C; Mohanty SP; Mitra A; Kougianos E
TC 6
SO PROC - IEEE INT SYMP SMART ELECTRON SYST ISES
PY 2023
AB The success of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is dependent on the process of
   the model training, along with optimized algorithms and quality image
   dataset.  In the process of Pear disease identification through tree leaf
   analysis, the need to protect the privacy of protected data has led to the
   topic of Federated Learning (FL). Prior Lite-Agro 1.0 study aims to apply
   Neural Network trained Deep Learning models on lightweight MCUs.  With this
   second Lite-Agro 2.0 expansion, we explore different models, the integration
   of Federated Averaging (FedAvg) algorithm and explore decentralized training
   of models on multiple client devices with an emphasis on preserving data
   privacy.  In federated learning, the data does not leave the client device
   and individual weights are passed on and aggregated onto a global server
   which then generates a global model.  This federated learning research
   benchmarks frameworks such as Flower.  Dev, model performance, and tabulates
   training values such as accuracy and loss given various FedAvg algorithms.
   © 2023 IEEE.
DE agriculture cyber-physical system ( a-cps ); data privacy and security; edge
   ai; federated learning; internet of agro things ( ioat ); plant health and
   plant disease; smart agriculture; smart village; tinyml
ID cybersecurity; data privacy; deep learning; embedded systems; fruits;
   learning systems; plants ( botany ); trees ( mathematics ); agriculture
   cybe-physical system; cybe-physical systems; cyber-physical systems; data
   privacy and securities; edge ai; federated learning; internet of agro thing;
   machine learning; plant disease; plant health and plant disease; plant
   healths; smart agricultures; smart village; tiny machine learning; cyber-
   physical system

---

UT 1309
AR Huang Z/2, 2023, IFIP/IEEE INT CONF PERFORM EVAL MODEL WIRED WIREL NETWORKS
   PEMWN, DOI 10.23919/PEMWN58813.2023.10304946
TI U-TOE: Universal TinyML On-Board Evaluation Toolkit for Low-Power IoT
AU Huang Z/2; Zandberg K; Schleiser K; Baccelli E/1
TC 6
SO IFIP/IEEE INT CONF PERFORM EVAL MODEL WIRED WIREL NETWORKS PEMWN
PY 2023
AB Results from the TinyML community demonstrate that, it is possible to
   execute machine learning models directly on the terminals themselves, even
   if these are small microcontroller-based devices.  However, to date,
   practitioners in the domain lack convenient all-in-one toolkits to help them
   evaluate the feasibility of executing arbitrary models on arbitrary low-
   power IoT hardware.  To this effect, we present in this paper U-TOE, a
   universal toolkit we designed to facilitate the task of IoT designers and
   researchers, by combining functionalities from a low-power embedded OS, a
   generic model transpiler and compiler, an integrated performance measurement
   module, and an open-Access remote IoT testbed.  We provide an open source
   implementation of U-TOE and we demonstrate its use to experimentally
   evaluate the performance of various models, on a wide variety of low-power
   IoT boards, based on popular microcontroller architectures.  U-TOE allows
   easily reproducible and customizable comparative evaluation experiments on a
   wide variety of IoT hardware all-At-once.  The availability of a toolkit
   such as U-TOE is desirable to accelerate research combining Artificial
   Intelligence and IoT towards fully exploiting the potential of edge
   computing.  © 2023 IFIP.
ID computing power; internet of things; microcontrollers; arbitrary models;
   embedded os; generic modeling; low power; machine learning models;
   microcontroller-based; open source implementation; open-access; performance;
   performance measurements; artificial intelligence

---

UT 1348
AR Yang C, 2023, PROC INT CONF COMPUT SUPPORT COOP WORK DES CSCWD, P393, DOI
   10.1109/CSCWD57460.2023.10152598
TI A Novel Bearing Fault Diagnosis Method based on Stacked Autoencoder and End-
   edge Collaboration
AU Yang C; Lai Z; Wang Y/5; Lan S; Wang L/1; Zhu L/1
TC 6
SO PROC INT CONF COMPUT SUPPORT COOP WORK DES CSCWD
PY 2023
AB The deep learning based fault diagnosis methods show excellent performance.
   However, cost and delay factors make it difficult for their widespread
   industrial application.  Microcontroller units (MCUs) in industrial
   equipment have the advantages of real-time response and high reliability and
   usually have some redundant computational resource.  However, even
   lightweight deep learning models cannot be deployed in MCUs due to severely
   limited computational resources.  This paper proposes an end-edge
   collaborative fault diagnosis framework, by combining real-time decision-
   making at the end with dynamic adaptive diagnosis at the edge to improve
   inference performance.  The model's minimum input size is deduced through
   theoretical analysis of the bearing working mechanism, and to make the model
   suitable for MCUs, we leverage the differential characteristics of the
   bearing vibration data and proposed a TinyML model based on stacked
   autoencoders.  The pre-autoencoder extracts differential features, while the
   post-autoencoder performs fault diagnosis based on pooled differential
   features.  Finally, the stacked-autoencoder model and collaborative
   framework were evaluated using the CWRU bearing dataset, achieving 384x
   compression in parameter size and 100% accuracy for binary fault
   classification, requiring only 6.44kB RAM. With the dynamic adaptive
   collaboration mechanism, the proposed fault diagnosis framework can reduce
   the edge load by approximately 94%.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep learning; differential feature; end-edge collaboration; fault
   diagnosis; stacked autoencoder; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); decision making; deep learning; fault
   detection; learning systems; microcontrollers; vibration analysis; auto
   encoders; deep learning; differential feature; end-edge collaboration; fault
   diagnosis method; faults diagnosis; microcontroller unit; performance;
   stacked autoencoder; tinyml; failure analysis

---

UT 1358
AR Alexiou MS, 2023, PROC INT CONF TOOLS ARTIF INTELL ICTAI, P269, DOI
   10.1109/ICTAI59109.2023.00047
TI A Survey on Recent Advancements in Lightweight Generative Adversarial
   Networks, their Applications and Datasets
AU Alexiou MS; Mertoguno JS
TC 6
SO PROC INT CONF TOOLS ARTIF INTELL ICTAI
PY 2023
AB Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have garnered significant research
   attention owing to their revolutionary generator-vs-discriminator
   architecture, making them versatile for various domains, including medical,
   military, and computer vision applications.  Nevertheless, their
   computationally demanding nature during training and inference restricts
   their widespread adoption on mobile and edge devices.  In this study, the
   latest advancements are explored in lightweight GAN implementations,
   considering their unique characteristics and diverse applications.  The
   objective is to identify modifications that can enhance the efficiency of
   GAN-based models without compromising their robustness and accuracy, both
   for specific use-cases and in a more general context.  Additionally, a
   discussion is presented on the availability of datasets suitable for
   lightweight GAN training and evaluation, as well as potential research
   directions for the future.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE generative adversarial networks; lightweight neural networks; toward tinyml
ID military applications; petroleum reservoir evaluation; computer vision
   applications; diverse applications; evaluation research; lightweight neural
   network; network evaluation; network training; network-based modeling;
   neural networks; potential researches; toward tinyml; generative adversarial
   networks

---

UT 1446
AR Wang Y/1, 2023, IEEE WORK STAT SIGNAL PROCESS PROC, V2023-July, P695, DOI
   10.1109/SSP53291.2023.10207930
TI Optimized preprocessing and Tiny ML for Attention State Classification
AU Wang Y/1; Nahon R; Tartaglione E; Mozharovskyi P; Nguyen V-T
TC 6
SO IEEE WORK STAT SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2023
AB Electroencephalography has been widely used to study mental processes such
   as attention, perception, and emotion.  This is because mental state
   classification has important applications in many fields, including
   healthcare, human-computer interaction, and education.In this paper, we
   present a new approach to mental state classification from EEG signals by
   combining signal processing techniques and machine learning (ML) algorithms.
   We evaluate the performance of the proposed method on a dataset of EEG
   recordings collected during a cognitive load task.  The results show that
   the proposed method achieves high accuracy in classifying mental states and
   outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of classification accuracy and
   computational efficiency.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE attention level detection; brain computer interface; eeg; tinyml
ID behavioral research; biomedical signal processing; brain computer interface;
   computational efficiency; electrophysiology; interface states; machine
   learning; medical computing; attention level; attention level detection;
   attention perception; computer education; level detections; machine
   learning; mental process; mental state; state classification; tiny machine
   learning; electroencephalography

---

UT 1463
AR Abbas NA, 2023, J TEKNOL, V85, P175, DOI 10.11113/jurnalteknologi.v85.18744
TI KEYWORD SPOTTING SYSTEM WITH NANO 33 BLE SENSE USING EMBEDDED MACHINE
   LEARNING APPROACH
AU Abbas NA; Ahmad MR
TC 6
SO J TEKNOL
PY 2023
AB Due to the obvious advancement of artificial intelligence, keyword spotting
   has become a fast-growing technology that was first launched a few years ago
   by hidden Markov models.  Keyword spotting is the technique of finding terms
   that have been pre-programmed into a machine learning model.  However,
   because the keyword spotting system model will be installed on a small and
   resource-constrained device, it must be minimal in size.  It is difficult to
   maintain accuracy and performance when minimizing the model size.  We
   suggested in this paper to develop a TinyML model that responds to voice
   commands by detecting words that are utilized in a cascade architecture to
   start or control a program.  The keyword detection machine learning model
   was built, trained, and tested using the edge impulse development platform.
   The technique follows the model-building workflow, which includes data
   collection, preprocessing, training, testing, and deployment.  'On,' 'Off,'
   noise, and unknown databases were obtained from the Google speech command
   database V1 and applied for training and testing.  The MFCC was used to
   extract features and CNN was used to generate the model, which was then
   optimized and deployed on the microcontroller.  The model's evaluation
   represents an accuracy of 84.51% based on the datasets.  Finally, the KWS
   was successfully implemented and assessed on Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense for
   two studies in terms of accuracy at three different times and by six
   different persons.  © 2023 Penerbit UTM Press.  All rights reserved.
DE cnn; edge impulse; mfcc; spotting; tinyml

---

UT 1466
AR Garavagno AM, 2023, PRIME - INT CONF PHD RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PROC,
   P281, DOI 10.1109/PRIME58259.2023.10161736
TI A hardware-aware neural architecture search algorithm targeting low-end
   microcontrollers
AU Garavagno AM; Ragusa E/1; Frisoli A; Gastaldo P
TC 6
SO PRIME - INT CONF PHD RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON PROC
PY 2023
AB Hardware-aware neural architecture search (HW NAS), the process of
   automating the design of neural architectures taking into consideration
   hardware constraints, has already outperformed the best human designs on
   many tasks.  However, it is known to be highly demanding in terms of
   hardware, thus limiting access to non-habitual neural network users.
   Fostering its adoption for the next-generation IoT and wearable devices
   design, we propose an HW NAS that can be run on laptops, even if not
   mounting a GPU. The proposed technique, designed to have both a low search
   cost and resource usage, produces tiny convolutional neural networks (CNNs)
   targeting low-end microcontrollers.  It achieves state-of-the-art results in
   the human-recognition tasks, on the Visual Wake Word dataset a standard
   TinyML benchmark, in just 3:37:0 hours on a laptop mounting an 11th Gen
   Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-11370H CPU @ 3. 30GHz equipped with 16 GB of RAM and
   512 GB of SSD, without using a GPU.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE hardware-aware neural architecture search; lightweight convolutional neural
   networks; microcontrollers; tinyml; visual wake words
ID controllers; convolution; convolutional neural networks; laptop computers;
   mountings; network architecture; wakes; convolutional neural network;
   hardware-aware neural architecture search; hardware constraints; human
   design; lightweight convolutional neural network; neural architectures;
   neural networks; search algorithms; tinyml; visual wake word;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1471
AR Begum N, 2023, INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL, V14, P1099, DOI
   10.14569/IJACSA.2023.01405113
TI QMX-BdSL49: An Efficient Recognition Approach for Bengali Sign Language with
   Quantize Modified Xception
AU Begum N; Khan SS; Rahman R; Haque A; Khatun N; Jahan N; Helaly T
TC 6
SO INTL J ADV COMPUT SCI APPL
PY 2023
AB Sign language is developed to bridge the com-munication gap between
   individuals with and without hearing impairment or speech difficulties.
   Individuals with hearing and speech impairment typically rely on hand signs
   as a means of expressing themselves.  However, people, in general, may not
   have sufficient knowledge of sign language, thus a sign language recognition
   system on an embedded device is most needed.  Literature related to such
   systems on embedded devices is scarce as these recognition tasks are very
   complex and computationally expensive.  The limited resources of embedded
   devices cannot execute complex algorithms like Convolutional Neural Network
   (CNN) properly.  Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel deep learning
   architecture based on default Xception architec-ture, named Quantized
   Modified Xception (QMX) to reduce the model’s size and enhance the
   computational speed without compromising model accuracy.  Moreover, the
   proposed QMX model is highly optimized due to the weight compression of
   model quantization.  As a result, the footprint of the proposed QMX model is
   11 times smaller than the Modified Xception (MX) model.  To train the model,
   BDSL 49 dataset is utilized which includes approximately 14,700 images
   divided into 49 classes.  The proposed QMX model achieves an overall F1
   accuracy of 98%. In addition, a comprehensive analysis among QMX, Modified
   Xception Tiny (MXT), MX, and the default Xception model is provided in this
   research.  Finally, the model has been implemented on Raspberry Pi 4 and a
   detailed evaluation of its performance has been conducted, including a
   comparison with existing state-of-the-art approaches in this domain.  The
   results demonstrate that the proposed QMX model outperforms the prior work
   in terms of performance.  © (2023), All Rights Reserved.
DE bengali sign language; cnn; computer vision; model quantization; raspberry
   pi 4; tinyml; transfer learning
ID audition; complex networks; convolutional neural networks; deep learning;
   embedded systems; bengali sign language; bengalis; convolutional neural
   network; embedded device; modeling quantizations; performance; raspberry pi
   4; sign language; tinyml; transfer learning; computer vision

---

UT 709
AR Pereira ES, 2023, IEEE MICRO, V43, P58, DOI 10.1109/MM.2023.3316918
TI On-Device Tiny Machine Learning for Anomaly Detection Based on the Extreme
   Values Theory
AU Pereira ES; Marcondes LS; Silva JM
TC 5
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2023
AB The significance of anomaly detection is particularly pronounced in Industry
   4.0 applications.  For instance, in manufacturing, the timely detection of
   equipment malfunctions can prevent costly downtime and maintain production
   efficiency.  In energy systems, spotting anomalies in power consumption
   patterns can enhance resource allocation and optimize energy usage.  Equally
   noteworthy is the ascendancy of tiny machine learning (TinyML), emerging as
   a potent tool for real-time anomaly detection, exemplifying its versatile
   utility.  This work presents an unsupervised on-device learning TinyML
   algorithm, drawing inspiration from the extreme value theory.  The algorithm
   leverages the two-parameter Weibull distribution function to efficiently
   identify anomalies within discrete time series data.  Optimal
   hyperparameters are ascertained via grid search methodology.  Notably,
   employing synthetic data with randomized anomalies elucidates the
   algorithmâÂ€Â™s proficiency in binary classification within time series,
   highlighting an accuracy of 99.80%, recall of 93.10%, and F1 score of
   96.43%. The amalgamation of theoretical foundations from the extreme value
   theory and practical capabilities of TinyML accentuates its pertinence
   across a broad spectrum of domains.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID anomaly detection; distribution functions; energy efficiency; learning
   algorithms; machine learning; production efficiency; weibull distribution;
   anomaly detection; consumption patterns; energy systems; energy usage;
   equipment malfunctions; extreme value theory; machine learning; production
   efficiency; real-time anomaly detections; resources allocation; time series

---

UT 1078
AR mrabet AE, 2023, INDONES J ELECTR ENG INFORMATICS, V11, P515, DOI
   10.52549/ijeei.v11i2.4756
TI Unlocking Doors: A TinyML-Based Approach for Real-Time Face Mask Detection
   in Door Lock Systems
AU mrabet AE; Tber A; Benaly M; Hlou L; gouri RE
TC 5
SO INDONES J ELECTR ENG INFORMATICS
PY 2023
AB In response to the rapid spread of coronaviruses, including COVID-19 and
   seasonal common cold viruses, this article introduces a proposed system for
   enhancing door lock systems using TinyML technology for real-time face mask
   detection.  The research project focuses on developing a machine learning
   model based on the YOLOv5 architecture to classify individuals based on
   their mask-wearing behavior correctly, incorrectly, or not at all in high-
   risk spaces prone to the transmission of coronaviruses, such as healthcare
   facilities, laboratories, and public settings.  The study outlines the
   hardware and software tools utilized, including the Raspberry Pi 4, camera
   hardware, and the YOLOv5 machine learning model.  The model is trained using
   a dataset containing three different classes and converted to a TFLite
   format for efficient implementation on the Raspberry Pi.  Evaluation results
   demonstrate a mean Average Precision (mAP) of 0.99 and an inference rate of
   10FPS for a 128-frame size input.  This proposed system offers practical
   implications for enhancing door lock systems and promoting public health and
   safety during outbreaks of coronaviruses, including COVID-19 and other
   seasonal coronaviruses, providing a valuable approach to decrease the spread
   of these diseases and mitigate transmission risks in high-risk spaces,
   thereby contributing to the overall reduction of public health threats.  ©
   2023 Institute of Advanced Engineering and Science.  All rights reserved.
DE door lock systems; face mask detection; raspberry pi; tinyml; yolov5

---

UT 1081
AR Kunhoth J, 2023, INT SYMP NETWORKS COMPUT COMMUN ISNCC, DOI
   10.1109/ISNCC58260.2023.10323988
TI VisualAid+: Assistive System for Visually Impaired with TinyML Enhanced
   Object Detection and Scene Narration
AU Kunhoth J; Alkaeed M; Ehsan A; Qadir J
TC 5
SO INT SYMP NETWORKS COMPUT COMMUN ISNCC
PY 2023
AB People with visual impairments use different kinds of assistive technologies
   in their daily lives for various activities such as navigation, reading
   texts, etc.  Technological advancements in recent years have enabled
   developers to actively deploy and expeditiously operate assistive
   applications in embedded devices.  In this paper, we have proposed an
   assistive wearable system called VisualAid+ for people with visual
   impairments.  Leveraging the power of Tiny ML and Edge AI, a portable
   wearable assistive system is developed for people with visual impairments
   for object detection and visual scene narration.  A hierarchical approach
   has been followed to take advantage of the complex prediction model
   (TensorFlow model), and Lite models (TensorFlow Lite and TensorFlow Lite
   Micro). This makes the system capable of on-device, as well as server-side,
   inference.  The proposed VisualAid+ system consists of a Raspberry Pi
   device, a computer as a server, a power source, and two cameras mounted on a
   wearable glass where one camera is embedded with an ESP32 microcontroller.
   The camera will capture the scenes in front of the user and transfer the
   images to ESP32 as well as Raspberry Pi.  A TensorFlow Lite Micro person
   detection model is employed in the microcontroller and a Lite object
   detection model is employed in the Raspberry Pi.  These two models are
   efficient in terms of both memory and processing time.  The person detection
   model will look for whether any person is present in front of the user or
   not.  If any person is detected, it will notify the user via audio feedback.
   The object detection model can recognize 80 different types of objects from
   the images and speak out the names of detected objects.  Furthermore, the
   system will provide the audio narration of visual scenes (image captioning
   to speech) to the user.  The image narration model is employed in the server
   and requires internet connectivity.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE assistive systems; edge ai; image captioning; object detection; people with
   visual impairments; tinyml
ID assistive technology; cameras; image enhancement; microcontrollers; object
   recognition; wearable computers; assistive system; detection models; edge
   ai; image captioning; objects detection; people with visual impairment;
   person detection; tinyml; visual impairment; visual scene; object detection

---

UT 1123
AR Xiong N, 2023, IEEE INT SYMP IND ELECTRON, V2023-June, DOI
   10.1109/ISIE51358.2023.10228115
TI Tiny Federated Learning with Bayesian Classifiers
AU Xiong N; Punnekkat S
TC 5
SO IEEE INT SYMP IND ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) represents an emerging research direction
   that aims to realize machine learning on Internet of Things (IoT) devices.
   The current TinyML research seems to focus on supporting the deployment of
   deep learning models on microprocessors, while the models themselves are
   trained on high performance computers or clouds.  However, in the
   resource/time constrained IoT contexts, it is more desirable to perform data
   analytics and learning tasks directly on edge devices for crucial benefits
   such as increased energy efficiency, reduced latency as well as lower
   communication cost.To address the above challenge, this paper proposes a
   tiny federated learning algorithm for enabling learning of Bayesian
   classifiers based on distributed tiny data storage, referred to as TFL-BC.
   In TFL-BC, Bayesian learning is executed in parallel across multiple edge
   devices using local (tiny) training data and subsequently the learning
   results from local devices are aggregated via a central node to obtain the
   final classification model.  The results of experiments conducted on a set
   of benchmark datasets demonstrate that our algorithm can produce final
   aggregated models that outperform single tiny Bayesian classifiers and that
   the result of tiny federated learning (of Bayesian classifier) is
   independent of the number of data partitions used for generating the
   distributed local training data.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bayesian classifier; edge computing; federated learning; tiny machine
   learning
ID classification ( of information ); data analytics; deep learning; digital
   storage; edge computing; energy efficiency; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; current; bayesian classifier; edge computing; federated learning;
   high performance computers; learning models; machine learning research;
   machine learning; tiny machine learning; training data; internet of things

---

UT 1189
AR Sampaio AP, 2023, PROC EDUC CONF FIE, DOI 10.1109/FIE58773.2023.10342954
TI A Case Study of Using Machine Learning in K-12 Education
AU Sampaio AP; Farias PCMA; Bittencourt RA
TC 5
SO PROC EDUC CONF FIE
PY 2023
AB This full Research-to-Practice paper evaluates a Machine Learning (ML)
   course as a strategy to introduce Artificial Intelligence (AI) in middle
   school.  AI is a technology that is increasingly present in our daily lives,
   and it is important that K-12 schools offer their students some basic first
   steps in this universe.  Nonetheless, most initiatives to introduce ML aim
   at higher education, in undergraduate computing programs, and school
   initiatives usually lack the use of hardware to learn ML. In this context,
   we designed and implemented an introductory workshop on AI and ML for middle
   school students on the fundamentals of AI using TinyML and Arduino, and we
   assessed their attitudes towards 21st Century skills.  Results show some
   ways how middle school students are impacted with the presentation of ML
   concepts and practices by building small applications, in addition to
   providing practice grounding to future educational interventions using
   TinyML as a tool to familiarize K-12 students with ML. Survey results point
   to very few post-intervention changes regarding 21st Century skills.
   Learned lessons point to a need to increase the course workload for more
   significant changes in students' perceptions.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE 21st century skills; artificial intelligence; machine learning; tinyml
ID students; 21st century skill; case-studies; daily lives; k-12 education;
   k-12 schools; learning course; machine learning; middle school; middle
   school students; tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1243
AR Meza-Rodriguez M, 2023, PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON ELECTR ENG COMPUT
   INTERCON, DOI 10.1109/INTERCON59652.2023.10326046
TI Development of an electrocardiographic signal classifier for bundle branch
   blocks, applying Tiny Machine Learning
AU Meza-Rodriguez M; De La Cruz L; Caceres-Delaguila JA
TC 5
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON ELECTR ENG COMPUT INTERCON
PY 2023
AB cardiovascular diseases are still the pathologies that generate the highest
   mortality and economic costs globally.  In Latin America, low-income
   populations are the most vulnerable.  Singularly, this population has an
   incidence of endemic diseases that can lead to blocks of the bundle branch
   of His.  The following study seeks to develop a cardiac abnormality
   detection system using machine learning techniques and microcontrollers with
   limited resources to benefit populations with limited access to health
   environments.  The Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense is employed as the hardware
   platform due to its ARM Cortex M4 processor and support for TensorFlow Lite.
   An electrocardiogram (ECG) database is processed using oversampling and
   under-sampling techniques to address class imbalance.  Spectral features are
   extracted using wavelet transforms, and a multilayer neural network is
   implemented for classification.  Two class balancing approaches are
   compared: oversampling and undersampling.  Results indicate notable
   improvements in the model's ability to identify instances of minority
   classes with the oversampling approach, while undersampling may lead to
   information loss.  The system's performance is evaluated using key metrics
   such as precision, recall, and F1-Score.  Additionally, computational
   resources required to implement the model on the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
   are estimated, with an assessment of Flash and RAM consumption.  This
   analysis is essential to ensure the feasibility of implementation on
   resource-constrained devices.  This work contributes to the advancement of
   early detection of cardiac anomalies in resource-limited settings, with
   significant implications for healthcare in underserved communities and rural
   areas.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE cardiovascular diseases; edgeimpulse; ekg; neu-ronal networks; tinyml
ID balancing; cardiology; diseases; electrocardiograms; machine learning;
   neurons; wavelet transforms; cardiovascular disease; economic costs;
   edgeimpulse; ekg; latin america; machine learning; neu-ronal networks; over-
   sampling; tinyml; under-sampling; multilayer neural networks

---

UT 1248
AR Puślecki T, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V766, P63, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-41630-9_7
TI Hyperparameters Optimization Using GridSearchCV Method for TinyML Models
AU Puślecki T; Walkowiak K
TC 5
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB The anticipated expansion of TinyML-related technologies will require
   methods for efficient ML model development.  In this paper, we present a
   method for obtaining a set of ML models for TinyML systems that satisfies
   the assumption that a more efficient model is also more complex and
   therefore consumes more energy.  The results show that our method is capable
   of providing numerous diversified sets of ML models.  © 2023, The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE hyperparameters; optimization; tinyml
ID energy; hyper-parameter; hyper-parameter optimizations; model development;
   optimizations; tinyml

---

UT 1274
AR Ghosh S/3, 2023, APSCON - IEEE APPL SENS CONF SYMP PROC, DOI
   10.1109/APSCON56343.2023.10101257
TI Wearable sensing module for Table Tennis stroke detection
AU Ghosh S/3; Gholap Y; Tallur S
TC 5
SO APSCON - IEEE APPL SENS CONF SYMP PROC
PY 2023
AB Sensor-based analytics is a science of capturing the essentials of human
   motion and has been extensively used in sports by attaching external sensors
   to players for deriving meaningful insights, thereby improving game-playing
   quality.  This paper presents the work towards developing a wearable Body
   Sensor Network(BSN) for Table Tennis(TT) stroke detection through self-
   learned features.  By capturing acceleration and rotation parameters using
   Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) sensors mounted on the player forearm and
   shoulder while playing a TT stroke, a neural network has been trained to
   predict forehand and backhand shots.  The model runs on Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   and achieves a real-time prediction accuracy of 90.7%. Also, a memory-
   efficient Tensorflow-based Quantization Aware Training(QAT) model, with up
   to 4 times reduction in model size, has been developed to demonstrate
   comparable prediction accuracy with size reduction.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE body sensor; imu; machine learning; neural network; sports analytics; table-
   tennis; tensorflow; tinyml
ID body sensor networks; forecasting; sports; wearable sensors; body sensors;
   inertial measurements units; machine learning; neural networks; prediction
   accuracy; sport analytic; stroke detection; table-tennis; tensorflow;
   tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1298
AR Tsoukas V, 2023, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P491, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT58021.2023.00082
TI Internet of Things Challenges and the Emerging Technology of TinyML
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Kakarountas A
TC 5
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2023
AB The merger of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine Learning undoubtedly
   offers several benefits, but due to the nature of IoT devices and their
   underlying design, a number of difficulties and challenges exist.  The most
   fundamental of these has to do with the security dangers posed by the
   transmission of voluminous amounts of data, as well as several networking
   obstacles, such as delay and bandwidth constraints.  Moving all processing
   close to the network's edge and preventing the transmission of data to third
   parties, such as the cloud or other devices, is a potential solution.
   Embedded Machine Learning, and TinyML in particular, is a new technology
   that allows the implementation of Machine Learning on hardware with limited
   resources, such as Microcontrollers and FPGAs.  In this paper, the
   fundamental issues of IoT devices are examined, the TinyML technology's
   advantages are outlined, and a summary of the most recent TinyML apps and
   systems is offered.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE constrained hardware; embedded software; internet of things; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; neural networks; tinyml
ID internet of things; machine learning; bandwidth constraint; constrained
   hardware; delay constraints; emerging technologies; machine learning;
   network edges; neural networks; third parties; tinyml; transmission of data;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1334
AR Casiroli M, 2023, IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT, P9,
   DOI 10.1109/GCAIoT61060.2023.10385110
TI Tiny Machine Learning Business Intelligence in the Semiconductor Industry: A
   Case Study
AU Casiroli M; Pau DP
TC 5
SO IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT
PY 2023
AB This paper sets its primary objective to understand the transformative
   potential of Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny ML) and Artificial Intelligence
   (AI) in enhancing industrial efficiency.  Using a research design that
   juxtaposes the theoretical understanding of these technologies with real-
   world applications, the methodology adopted emphasizes three pivotal use
   cases, substantiated with tangible examples.  The main outcomes show the
   influential role of STMicroelectronics, a leading semiconductor entity, in
   bridging the gap between Tiny ML, AI, and industrial applications.  Results
   from in-depth examinations highlight the value of Predictive Maintenance as
   evidenced by offshore wind farms, the importance of Gesture Recognition in
   Human-Machine Interaction with a focus on autonomous vehicles, and the
   efficient integration of Tiny ML into IoT Sensor Networks, notably seismic
   monitoring.  In conclusion, this manuscript underscores the impending future
   where Tiny ML and AI synergize, particularly hinting at breakthroughs in
   humanoid robotics.  Such advancements are anticipated to redefine the
   contours of human-technology interaction impacting everyone in everyday
   life.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; human machine interactions; humanoid robotics; iot
   sensor networks; predictive maintenance; semiconductor; st; tinyml; use
   cases
ID anthropomorphic robots; human robot interaction; machine learning; offshore
   oil well production; semiconductor device manufacture; sensor networks;
   business-intelligence; human machine interaction; humanoid robotics; iot
   sensor network; machine learning; predictive maintenance; sensors network;
   st; tiny machine learning; use case; internet of things

---

UT 1414
AR Kwiatkowski KK, 2023, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON,
   V2023-January, DOI 10.1109/ICCE56470.2023.10043562
TI Phonocardiogram Segmentation with Tiny Computing
AU Kwiatkowski KK; Pau DP/1; Leung T; Di Marco O
TC 5
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB The stethoscope is a daily used tool that allows medical doctors to diagnose
   common cardiovascular diseases by listening to heart sounds.  However,
   dedicated medical training is required to operate it.  Numerous machine
   learning techniques have been used in attempts to automate this process and
   have yielded highly accurate results.  However, creating a low power,
   portable, economical, and accurate machine learning stethoscope calls for
   tiny processing of phonocardiograms i.e., heart sound digital processing to
   run within an embedded device.  To address the need to deploy the solution
   within a constrained tiny device, we propose an 8-bit deep learning model
   with low embedded FLASH and RAM utilization of 126 KiB and 45 KiB
   respectively, which is optimized for inference on an off-the-shelf STM32H7
   microcontroller with an inference time of 12 ms, in 126KiB FLASH and 45 KiB
   RAM being 91.65% accurate.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE heart sound; pcg segmentation; stm32; tiny machine learning
ID cardiology; deep learning; learning systems; phonocardiography;
   cardiovascular disease; heart sounds; machine learning techniques; machine
   learning; medical doctors; medical training; pcg segmentation;
   phonocardiograms; stm32; tiny machine learning; constrained optimization

---

UT 1461
AR Umutoni RM, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V694 LNNS, P405, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-3091-3_33
TI Integrating Analog PIR Sensor Telemetry with TinyML Inference for On-The-
   Edge Classification of Moving Objects
AU Umutoni RM; Ogore M; Hanyurwimfura D; Nsenga J
TC 5
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB Identification of moving objects plays an important role in different real-
   time applications such as security monitoring, social distancing for
   infection disease spreading surveillance, and so on.  Image-based sensor
   technology has been the go-to approach at the expense of huge processing
   time, resources and complexity.  As an alternative, digital passive infrared
   (PIR) is used to overcome the above challenges of image-based sensors but
   fails to address the challenge of moving object identification due to
   business logic being hard-corded in hardware logic.  This research takes a
   different approach by using analog PIR signals as the data source and
   leveraging the emerging tiny machine learning (TinyML) technology to
   identify moving objects with limited real-time resources.  The lack of an
   open-source public dataset has driven this research to start by collecting
   primary analog PIR data of moving humans, dogs, goats, and windblown
   vegetables.  Then, a TinyML classification model has been trained and
   deployed on a resource-constrained embedded microprocessor for real-time
   classification inference.  The pilot experimentation shows a performance
   accuracy of 80.8% which may be improved over time using reinforcement
   learning.  The proposed integration of analog signals and TinyML can be
   extended and applied in monitoring infectious diseases between humans, and
   between humans and animals.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license
   to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE analog pir; deep learning; tinyml
ID image processing; reinforcement learning; analog passive infrared; deep
   learning; edge classification; image-based sensor; machine learning; moving
   objects; passive infrared; passive infrared sensors; real- time; tiny
   machine learning; deep learning

---

UT 901
AR Arratia B, 2023, PROC INT SYMP MOB AD HOC NETW COMPUT, P358, DOI
   10.1145/3565287.3616526
TI BODOQUE: An Energy-Efficient Flow Monitoring System for Ephemeral Streams
AU Arratia B; Prades J; Peña-Haro S; Cecilia JM/2; Manzoni P
TC 4
SO PROC INT SYMP MOB AD HOC NETW COMPUT
PY 2023
AB Effective environmental monitoring is crucial for managing global
   environmental challenges and providing the necessary data for Environmental
   Intelligence (EI). This discipline involves the integration of data from
   various sources to gain a comprehensive understanding of specific regions or
   processes.  In this paper, we introduce BODOQUE, a hardware-software
   infrastructure to monitor water flows in ephemeral streams where the water
   rarely flows with great force.  BODOQUE uses a low-power TinyML-based camera
   to detect the presence of water, activating a more complex system to measure
   flow only when the water flows, thereby optimizing energy consumption.  This
   device is being deployed in the Segura basin, Murcia, Spain.  This region is
   grappling with severe environmental issues that affect the Mar Menor, a
   unique saltwater lagoon.  This paper focuses on the power-saving
   capabilities of BODOQUE, comparing the energy consumption of different edge
   devices running the code that measures water flow in the streams.  Our goal
   is to determine the optimal hardware setup for the system based on our
   experiments, which involve performance and energy consumption tests.  The
   results provide valuable information for future environmental monitoring
   systems, considering the best balance among the device's cost, performance,
   and energy consumption.  © 2023 Owner/Author(s).
DE edge computing; energy efficiency; environmental intelligence; environmental
   monitoring; ephemeral streams; iot; tinyml
ID energy efficiency; energy utilization; flow of water; green computing;
   hydraulics; internet of things; edge computing; energy efficient; energy-
   consumption; environmental intelligence; environmental monitoring; ephemeral
   streams; flow monitoring; iot; tinyml; water flows; edge computing

---

UT 998
AR Reddi VJ, 2023, IEEE MICRO, V43, P7, DOI 10.1109/MM.2023.3322048
TI Special Issue on TinyML
AU Reddi VJ; Murmann B
TC 4
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2023
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 1035
AR Flores T, 2023, SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT, DOI
   10.1109/SIoT60039.2023.10390169
TI Leveraging IoT and TinyML for Smart Battery Management in Electric Bicycles
AU Flores T; Andrade M; Medeiros M; Amaral M; Silva M; Silva I
TC 4
SO SYMP INTERNET THINGS SIOT
PY 2023
AB Ahstract-Urban mobility and environmental sustainability are critical
   challenges intensified by population growth, urbanization, and increased
   vehicle presence, leading to issues like congestion, pollution, and climate
   change.  To counter this, the urgency for efficient and eco-friendly
   transportation solutions is evident.  Battery Management Systems (BMS) play
   a central role, overseeing batteries in electronics, vehicles, and energy
   storage systems for safety and reliability.  Focusing on electric bicycles
   (e-Bikes), the article highlights BMS's role in enhancing cyclist
   experiences and delves into techniques utilizing energy-efficient hardware
   and deep learning, notably TinyML, to predict Lithium-Ion battery State of
   Health (SoH). It examines diverse architectures and parameters, unveiling
   relationships to guide machine learning model construction, emphasizing
   delayed feedback integration based on rigorous statistics.  The article
   navigates through data segregation and model training processes, presenting
   a comprehensive approach that balances sustainability, efficiency, and
   technological progress in predicting e-Bike battery SoH.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE battery; e-bikes; iot; soh; tinyml
ID bicycles; climate change; deep learning; electric vehicles; energy
   efficiency; lithium-ion batteries; population statistics; sports; urban
   growth; battery; battery management; critical challenges; e-bike; electric
   bicycles; environmental sustainability; iot; state of health; tinyml; urban
   mobility; digital storage

---

UT 1060
AR Ooko SO, 2023, ICCA - INT CONF COMPUT APPL PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICCA59364.2023.10401673
TI Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) Based Self Diagnostic Kit for Respiratory
   Diseases
AU Ooko SO; Nsenga J
TC 4
SO ICCA - INT CONF COMPUT APPL PROC
PY 2023
AB The World Health Organization (WHO) 2022 statistics show that over 3 million
   deaths globally result from chronic respiratory diseases yearly.
   Interestingly 90% of these deaths are reported from middle-and low-income
   countries.  This may be attributed to the poor health care systems with few
   medical experts to enable early diagnosis and treatment of the diseases.
   There is therefore a need for cheap and accessible solutions to help solve
   the problems.  The use of the latest technologies of Machine Learning (ML)
   and Internet of Things (IoT) provide capabilities that can enable cheap and
   convenient detection and monitoring of respiratory diseases.  However,
   existing solutions are cloud-based and thus depend on the availability of
   internet connectivity to function.  This poses privacy, security, and even
   connectivity challenges, especially in Africa.  The concept of using an
   emerging ML technique for inferencing on resource-constrained devices known
   as TinyML was used as a solution enabling the development of a self-
   diagnostic kit.  The system captures breath Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC)
   the collected data will be processed on the device and a TinyML algorithm
   used to detect if the sample is infected or not.  The designed prototype was
   used to collect from healthy and unhealthy volunteers.  The collected data
   was then used to train the prediction model.  The ML model predicts
   respiratory diseases with an accuracy of 95.4% using less than 20% of the
   device resources.  The proposed solution will reduce the dependency on
   medical experts and healthcare facilities and enable early detection of
   respiratory diseases.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE breath voc; edge ai; internet of things; machine learning; respiratory
   diseases; tinyml
ID diagnosis; healthcare; machine learning; pulmonary diseases; volatile
   organic compounds; breath volatile organic compound; diagnostic kit; edge
   ai; machine learning; medical experts; middle-income countries; self-
   diagnostics; tiny machine learning; world health organization; internet of
   things

---

UT 1061
AR Soni S, 2023, INT CONF PARADIG SHIFTS COMMUN EMBED SYST MACH LEARN SIGNAL
   PROCESS PCEMS, DOI 10.1109/PCEMS58491.2023.10136050
TI A TinyML Approach for Quantification of BOD and COD in Water
AU Soni S; Khurshid A; Minase AM; Bonkinpelliwar A
TC 4
SO INT CONF PARADIG SHIFTS COMMUN EMBED SYST MACH LEARN SIGNAL PROCESS PCEMS
PY 2023
AB Water quality prediction is a crucial process before any consumption of
   water.  Prediction and modeling methods are used for pollutants in water to
   deal with water pollution control.  This work involves the use of a random
   forest learning algorithm to quantitate BOD and COD using parameter tuning
   to establish the importance of input variables.  It uses minimal sensed
   quantitative parameters such as Temperature, pH, DO, and Conductivity along
   with categorical parameters.  The trained model shows excellent efficiency
   compared to other models and is validated using the laboratory test results
   with a maximum error of 10%. It is computationally low-cost, requires
   minimal parameters, and is pruned to integrate and implement in an IoT
   hardware system, reducing the cost of expensive sensors.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE decision tree algorithm; k-nearest neighbor; random forest; support vector
   machine
ID costs; decision trees; nearest neighbor search; water pollution; water
   quality; decision tree algorithm; input variables; k-near neighbor; model
   method; nearest-neighbour; parameters tuning; prediction methods; random
   forests; support vectors machine; water quality predictions; support vector
   machines

---

UT 1064
AR Bosse S, 2023, PROC CONF COMPUT SCI INTELL SYST FEDCSIS, P367, DOI
   10.15439/2023F7745
TI IoT and Edge Computing Using Virtualized Low-Resource Integer Machine
   Learning with Support for CNN, ANN, and Decision Trees
AU Bosse S
TC 4
SO PROC CONF COMPUT SCI INTELL SYST FEDCSIS
PY 2023
AB Data-driven models used for predictive classification and regression tasks
   are commonly computed using floating point arithmetic preserving accuracy by
   automatic scaling even in high non-linear functions.  With respect to
   distributed sensor networks like the IoT, sensor data is acquired on low-
   resource embedded systems and delivered to data servers characterized by big
   data volumes.  In specific use cases and domains, local predictive modelling
   on low-power devices is desired or required.  But heterogeneity of host
   platforms and dynamic programming disables machine code deployment.  This
   work addresses Tiny ML on very low-resource devices (microcontrollers, less
   than 32 kB RAM and ROM) by using a stack-based Tiny Virtual Machine
   providing core ML operations to implement Decision Trees (DT), Artificial
   Neural Networks (ANN), and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). VM program
   code is always provided in textual format and compiled just-in-time to
   Bytecode to ensure portability, servicability, and mobility.  Two damage
   diagnostics use-cases demonstrate the suitability of the VM approach, and
   even time consuming computational tasks do not compromise the overall
   responsiveness of the platform by using a real-time approach.  This work
   addresses the underlying integer arithmetic operations required to implement
   efficient and fast computable ML models on microncontrollers.  © 2023 Polish
   Information Processing Society.
DE embedded systems; tinyml; virtualization
ID codes ( symbols ); digital arithmetic; edge computing; embedded systems;
   information systems; information use; internet of things; sensor networks;
   virtual machine; virtualization; automatic scaling; convolutional neural
   network; data driven model; edge computing; embedded-system; floating-point
   arithmetic; machine learning; nonlinear functions; tinyml; virtualizations;
   decision trees

---

UT 1074
AR Lin C-T, 2023, PROC CUST INTEGR CIRCUITS CONF, V2023-April, DOI
   10.1109/CICC57935.2023.10121221
TI iMCU: A 102-μJ, 61-ms Digital In-Memory Computingbased Microcontroller Unit
   for Edge TinyML
AU Lin C-T; Huang PX; Oh J; Wang D; Seok M
TC 4
SO PROC CUST INTEGR CIRCUITS CONF
PY 2023
AB TinyML envisions performing a deep neural network (DNN)-based inference on
   an edge device, which makes it paramount to create a neural microcontroller
   unit (MCU). Toward this vision, some of the recent MCUs integrated in-memory
   computing (IMC) based accelerators [1-3]. However, they employ analog-mixed-
   signal (AMS) versions, exhibiting limited robustness over process, voltage,
   and temperature (PVT) variations [1-2]. They also employ a large amount of
   IMC hardware, which increases silicon area and cost.  Also, they do not
   support a practical software dev framework [1-3] such as TensorFlow Lite for
   Microcontrollers (TFLite-micro) [5]. Because of this, those MCUs did not
   present the performance for the standard benchmark MLPerf-Tiny [6], which
   makes it difficult to evaluate them against the state-of-the-art neural
   MCUs.  In this paper, we present i M C U, the IMC-based MCU in 28 ~nm, which
   outperforms the current best neural MCU (SiLab's xG24-DK2601B [6]) by 88X in
   energy-delay product (EDP) while performing MLPerfTiny.  Also, iMCU
   integrates a digital version of IMC hardware for maximal robustness.  We
   also optimize the acceleration targets and the computation flow to employ
   the least amount of IMC hardware yet still enable significant acceleration.
   Hence, iMCU's total area is only 2.03 ~mm2 while integrating 433 ~KB SRAM
   and 32 ~KB IMC SRAM.  © 2023 IEEE.
ID benchmarking; controllers; deep neural networks; microcontrollers; computing
   hardware; devs frameworks; large amounts; microcontroller unit; mixed
   signal; network-based; process variation; silicon area; temperature
   variation; voltage variation; static random access storage

---

UT 1098
AR Son S, 2023, SENSORS, V23, DOI 10.3390/s23073586
TI MiCrowd: Vision-Based Deep Crowd Counting on MCU
AU Son S; Seo A; Eo G; Gill K; Gong T; Kim H-S
TC 4
SO SENSORS
PY 2023
AB Microcontrollers (MCUs) have been deployed on numerous IoT devices due to
   their compact sizes and low costs.  MCUs are capable of capturing sensor
   data and processing them.  However, due to their low computational power,
   applications processing sensor data with deep neural networks (DNNs) have
   been limited.  In this paper, we propose MiCrowd, a floating population
   measurement system with a tiny DNNs running on MCUs since the data have
   essential value in urban planning and business.  Moreover, MiCrowd addresses
   the following important challenges: (1) privacy issues, (2) communication
   costs, and (3) extreme resource constraints on MCUs.  To tackle those
   challenges, we designed a lightweight crowd-counting deep neural network,
   named MiCrowdNet, which enables on-MCU inferences.  In addition, our dataset
   is carefully chosen and completely re-labeled to train MiCrowdNet for
   counting people from an mobility view.  Experiments show the effectiveness
   of MiCrowdNet and our relabeled dataset for accurate on-device crowd
   counting.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE computer vision; crowdcounting; tiny machine learning
ID data handling; deep neural networks; microcontrollers; population
   statistics; compact size; computational power; crowdcounting; low-costs;
   machine learning; power applications; sensor processing; sensors data; tiny
   machine learning; vision-based; article; city planning; computer vision;
   deep neural network; human; machine learning; privacy; running; vision;
   computer vision

---

UT 1102
AR Chen Z/1, 2023, PROC - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL THINGS SYST AIOTSYS, P133, DOI
   10.1109/AIoTSys58602.2023.00042
TI Smart Minion: A Low-cost Serverless Multimodal Access Control System Based
   on Face Recognition and Gesture Recognition
AU Chen Z/1; Gao Y/1; Liang J
TC 4
SO PROC - INT CONF ARTIF INTELL THINGS SYST AIOTSYS
PY 2023
AB With the advance of the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial intelligence
   (AI) technology, more and more applications appear for mobile computing,
   such as face recognition for access control.  Yet, most artificial
   intelligence of things (AIoT) products in our homes are based on cloud
   service application programming interfaces (APIs). All the original data are
   sent wirelessly to the server for cloud computing, which may lead to privacy
   issues and high energy consumption.  In this study, we propose a novel low-
   cost serverless access control system with multimodal inferring capability.
   Within the system, practical on-device face recognition and cost-efficient
   dynamic gesture recognition are implemented for liveness detection.  We
   utilize the MobileNetV2 model for transfer learning the task-specific face
   data and a random forest model for one-dimensional gesture recognition.
   Both tiny machine learning (TinyML) models are successfully deployed on a
   low-cost microcontroller (MCU). The multimodal inferring perform pretty
   well.  After using the sequential inferring mechanism, the robustness of the
   system is further reinforced.  A low-cost prototype is assembled for field
   tests.  The compact all-in-one product based on the proposed system with a
   cute minion theme has also been designed.  The energy consumption of
   different MCU operations is measured in detail.  The system provides a
   valuable reference for realizing pervasive smart sensing and, thus,
   contributes to the bright future of AIoT.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE access control; aiot; face recognition; gesture recognition; tiny machine
   learning; transfer learning
ID access control; application programming interfaces ( api ); control systems;
   costs; energy utilization; gesture recognition; green computing; internet of
   things; learning systems; machine learning; microcontrollers; access control
   systems; artificial intelligence of thing; artificial intelligence
   technologies; gestures recognition; low-costs; machine learning; multi-
   modal; multi-modal access; tiny machine learning; transfer learning; face
   recognition

---

UT 1106
AR Rejal AAE, 2023, ICCA - INT CONF COMPUT APPL PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICCA59364.2023.10401678
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Underwater Image Enhancement: Pruning and
   Quantization Approach
AU Rejal AAE; Pester A; Nagaty K
TC 4
SO ICCA - INT CONF COMPUT APPL PROC
PY 2023
AB Many people have expressed an interest in underwater image processing in a
   variety of fields, including underwater vehicle control, archaeology, marine
   biological studies, etc.  Underwater exploration is becoming an increasingly
   important element of our lives, with applications ranging from underwater
   marine and creature research to pipeline and communication logistics,
   touristic and entertainment use.  Underwater images suffer from poor
   visibility, distortion, and poor quality for a variety of causes, including
   light propagation.  The major issue arises when these images must be
   captured at depths greater than 500 feet and artificial lighting needs to be
   provided.  Efficient algorithms and models were proposed to enhance the
   images taken underwater.  However, these networks challenge efficient real-
   time deployment and needs significant computational resources and energy
   costs.  In this paper these challenges will be tackled by using different
   network compression techniques such as pruning and quantization.  These
   techniques will be applied on a model named WGH-net and the resulting in a
   tiny machine learning model is named tiny WGH-net model.  Moreover, we
   compare the results of both models along with other models proposed by other
   researchers.  Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) will also be discussed
   along with our contribution to some of the goals.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE pruning; quantization; tiny machine learning; underwater image processing
ID autonomous underwater vehicles; control system synthesis; image compression;
   image enhancement; marine applications; underwater acoustics; biological
   studies; images processing; machine learning; pruning; quantization;
   quantization approach; tiny machine learning; underwater image enhancements;
   underwater image processing; underwater vehicle control; machine learning

---

UT 1147
AR Mendat DR, 2023, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS46773.2023.10181861
TI A RISC-V Neuromorphic Micro-Controller Unit (vMCU) with Event-Based Physical
   Interface and Computational Memory for Low-Latency Machine Perception and
   Intelligence at the Edge
AU Mendat DR; Sengupta JP; Tognetti G; Villemur M; Pouliquen PO; Montano S;
   Sanni K; Molin JL; Zachariah N; Doxas I; Andreou AG
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB Neuromorphic TinyML (vTinyML) aims at solving problems in machine perception
   and intelligence at the edge that necessitate low latency processing, using
   low resource processors that have neuromorphic event-based sensory
   interfaces and neuromorphic accelerators.  In this paper, we report on a
   neuromorphic TinyML architecture (vMCU) which can be leveraged to be
   deployed to process data from event-based sensors on the edge.  The core of
   the system is a RISC-V CPU from SiFive which is used for algorithm
   development.  The CPU interfaces with a set of communication and computation
   peripherals which are comprised most notably of an event-based physical
   interface which has a 256Kib FIFO, a programmable 47-bit time-stamping unit
   and an embedded Compute in Memory (CiM) associative processor employing
   charge based processing and a pseudo-DRAM cell primitive.  The vMCU SOC was
   fabricated in 65nm CMOS, has a die size of 7mm × 4mm, runs at 100MHz and has
   a maximum event throughput at its physical interface of 17Meps.  Binary and
   integer operations on long bit vectors using the CiM accelerator
   capabilities take a few fJ per Op.  vMCU capability consumes 30mW and is
   demonstrated in various tasks for embedded applications, including character
   recognition from a DAVIS240C event-based camera.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE compute-in-memory; edge computing; neuromorphic; soc; tinyml
ID character recognition; edge computing; system-on-chip; compute-in-memory;
   edge computing; event-based; low latency; machine intelligence; machine
   perception; microcontroller units; neuromorphic; physical interface; tinyml;
   machine perception

---

UT 1170
AR Acharya D, 2023, INT J ONLINE BIOMED ENG, V19, P120, DOI
   10.3991/ijoe.v19i13.40523
TI Multiple Disease Detection using Machine Learning Techniques
AU Acharya D; Eashwer K; Kumar S/1; Sivakumar R; Kishoreraja PC; Srinivasagan R
TC 4
SO INT J ONLINE BIOMED ENG
PY 2023
AB The COVID-19 disease outbreak resulted in a worldwide pandemic.  Currently,
   the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), which relies
   on nasopharyngeal swabs to examine the existence of the ribonucleic acid
   (RNA) of SARS-CoV-27, is still a popular approach to testing for the
   disease.  Despite the high level of specificity of testing with RT-PCR, the
   sensitivity of the method could be relatively low, and there is significant
   variability in efficacy depending on different sampling methods and the time
   of occurrence of symptoms.  It is therefore essential for us to develop a
   machine-learning algorithm that can analyze computerized tomography images
   to detect the presence of COVID-19. Besides COVID-19, lung computerized
   tomography (CT) scan images can detect many other diseases, such as lung
   cancer, pneumonia, etc.  This paper deals with the implementation of an
   algorithm that takes lung CT scans and lung X-ray images as input and
   predicts a list of probable diseases and possible diagnoses that infect the
   lungs.  Machine learning algorithms will be able to predict disease by
   scanning the tiniest of regions easily missed by the human eye.  This paper
   presents a survey of various machine learning algorithms that aid in
   detecting multiple diseases in lung CT scan images.  Apart from the study of
   standard algorithms best suited for COVID-19 detection, this paper also
   includes recent trends.  One of the major recent trends that can be
   incorporated into COVID-19 detection is TinyML. Tiny ML is an emerging area
   in machine learning algorithms that can be used to detect multiple diseases
   in lung CT scan images with better accuracy and in less time.  This tool can
   aid doctors in their diagnosis and treatment of patients and help increase
   the efficiency of the treatment process.  While understanding the features
   and mapping them using a hidden layer, there is a probability of compressing
   the dataset, as well as the model to process and classify the low-bit images
   in real-time using TinyML. © 2023 by the authors of this article.  Published
   under CC-BY.
DE alex net; convolutional neural network ( cnn ); inceptionnet; knn; knn
   classifier; mobilenet; tinyml; vgg-16

---

UT 1185
AR Jaiswal S, 2023, PROC ACM SIGPLAN CONF LANG COMPIL TOOLS EMBED SYST, P26,
   DOI 10.1145/3589610.3596278
TI MinUn: Accurate ML Inference on Microcontrollers
AU Jaiswal S; Goli RKK; Kumar A; Seshadri V; Sharma R
TC 4
SO PROC ACM SIGPLAN CONF LANG COMPIL TOOLS EMBED SYST
PY 2023
AB Running machine learning inference on tiny devices, known as TinyML, is an
   emerging research area.  This task requires generating inference code that
   uses memory frugally, a task that standard ML frameworks are ill-suited for.
   A deployment framework for TinyML must a) be parametric in the number
   representation to take advantage of the emerging representations like
   posits, b) carefully assign high-precision to a few tensors so that most
   tensors can be kept in low-precision while still maintaining model accuracy,
   and c) avoid memory fragmentation.  We describe MinUn, the first TinyML
   framework that holistically addresses these issues to generate efficient
   code for ARM microcontrollers (e.g., Arduino Uno, Due and STM32H747) that
   outperforms the prior TinyML frameworks.  © 2023 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE compilers; embedded devices; memory-management; number representations;
   programming languages; tinyml
ID microcontrollers; program compilers; compiler; embedded device; high-
   precision; lower precision; machine learning; memory-management; number
   representation; research areas; standard ml; tinyml; tensors

---

UT 1187
AR Kashyap P, 2023, PROC - JT CONF EUR FREQ TIME FORUM IEEE INT FREQ CONTROL
   SYMP EFTF/IFCS, DOI 10.1109/EFTF/IFCS57587.2023.10272087
TI TinyML-Enabled Unsupervised Ultrasonic Guided Wave SHM under Varying Thermal
   Conditions
AU Kashyap P; Shivgan K; Patil S; Mahajan S; Banerjee S; Tallur S
TC 4
SO PROC - JT CONF EUR FREQ TIME FORUM IEEE INT FREQ CONTROL SYMP EFTF/IFCS
PY 2023
AB Most machine learning (ML) algorithms reported for ultrasonic guided wave
   structural health monitoring (GW-SHM) applications, particularly for damage
   assessment in the presence of time-varying environmental and operating
   variables, use networks with a lot of parameters, necessitating cloud
   computing or expensive computing and storage infrastructure.  This raises
   the cost of the solution and may prevent the widespread use of GW-SHM. In
   this paper, we describe a viable alternative based on TinyML framework, to
   create lightweight machine learning models that can be instantly deployed on
   embedded edge devices.  We present a practical implementation of this scheme
   on a custom-designed FPGA-based embedded system for GW-SHM of a honeycomb
   composite sandwich structure (HCSS) in presence of large thermal variations.
   © 2023 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network ( ann ); gw-shm; temperature variation; tinyml;
   unsupervised learning
ID damage detection; guided electromagnetic wave propagation; machine learning;
   structural health monitoring; ultrasonic waves; artificial neural network;
   damage assessments; guided wave structural health monitoring; machine
   learning algorithms; monitoring applications; temperature variation; thermal
   condition; time varying; tinyml; ultrasonic guided wave; neural networks

---

UT 1223
AR Yamanoor NS, 2023, INTERMT ENG TECHNOL COMPUT IETC, P300, DOI
   10.1109/IETC57902.2023.10152224
TI Low-Cost, Open, Citizen Science with IoT and TinyML
AU Yamanoor NS; Yamanoor S; Thyagara S
TC 4
SO INTERMT ENG TECHNOL COMPUT IETC
PY 2023
AB Citizen scientists are helping expand the reach of science through
   volunteers who collect data, analyze data, or do both.  Fields of research
   range from biology to weather, astronomy, and beyond.  The Internet of
   Things (IoT) is a tool that will expand data collection, while machine
   learning assists with predictive analytics and where applicable, edge
   solutions.  Citizen Science projects have the best chance of success when
   they enhance participant recruitment and retention.  The current work
   demonstrates that low-cost and efficient IoT solutions can be implemented
   alongside innovative machine learning tools, specifically TinyML, while
   positively impacting participation.  A specific implementation of a
   conference badge design, that uses low-cost design elements and sensors,
   aimed at citizen science for data collection and analysis is described in
   the current work.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE citizen science; iot; participatory research; tinyml
ID cost benefit analysis; data acquisition; machine learning; predictive
   analytics; current; citizen science; data collection; learning tool; low-
   costs; lower-cost design; machine learning; participatory research; science
   projects; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1225
AR Umutoni RM, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P349, DOI 10.1145/3587828.3587880
TI Integration of TinyML-based proximity and couch sensing in wearable devices
   for monitoring infectious disease’s social distance compliance
AU Umutoni RM; Ogore MM; Savanna RL; Hanyurwimfura D; Nsenga J; Mukanyiligira
   D; Nzanywayingoma F; Ngabo D; Habiyaremye J
TC 4
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB With the advent of artificial intelligence (AI) and Internet of Things
   (IoT), there has been a rapid increase in the use of sensors to
   intelligently monitor the environment and movement of objects.  Smart
   solutions have been widely used for monitoring infectious diseases by
   limiting the transmission of contagious diseases using proximity sensing
   systems.  This is an alternative to conventional social distancing
   technologies like Bluetooth and cameras which uses machine learning (ML),
   image processing to identify trespassers, and multiple object detection in
   real-time.  This paper leverages the emerging Tiny ML technology to design
   and develop a wearable device that can prevent infectious diseases from
   spreading.  The device senses the cough sound of the nearest person within a
   limited distance and then identify the nearest objects such as humans,
   animals (dog, goats), and wind-blown vegetation, based on patterns of PIR
   signals bounced back from different objects.  By using machine learning
   algorithms, the device can be able to notify the user when they are in a
   safe environment or not.  This solution is a wearable device that has the
   potential to be used in monitoring the transmission of contagious diseases
   by detecting and identifying moving objects and alerting people to keep
   their distance when they are in an unsafe environment with a high risk of
   being exposed to the disease.  This work-focused research project will
   particularly focus on monitoring the risk environment to prevent infectious
   diseases between humans and between humans and animals, reminding users to
   keep their distance for their safety and the use of the Convolutional Neural
   Network (CNN) algorithm on the device for identifying moving objects and for
   detecting cough.  The system has been evaluated, and the experiments have
   shown a performance accuracy of 92.1% for object detection and 68% for cough
   detection, promising for detecting a safe environment.  This accuracy could
   be increased over time via reinforcement learning.  © 2023 Copyright held by
   the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE cnn; infectious diseases; moving objects; risk environment; wearable device
ID animals; convolutional neural networks; deep learning; diseases; internet of
   things; learning algorithms; learning systems; object detection; object
   recognition; reinforcement learning; contagious disease; convolutional
   neural network; disease ( s ); infectious disease; moving objects; proximity
   sensing; risk environment; smart solutions; social distance; wearable
   devices; wearable technology

---

UT 1230
AR Chen Z/1, 2023, PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES, V2023-August, DOI
   10.1109/ISLPED58423.2023.10244321
TI A Self-Powered Predictive Maintenance System Based on Piezoelectric Energy
   Harvesting and TinyML
AU Chen Z/1; Gao Y/1; Liang J
TC 4
SO PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES
PY 2023
AB Nowadays, the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) plays a more and more
   significant role in smart manufacturing.  Predictive Maintenance (PdM) is
   one of the essential applications, recognizing the current status of the
   machine and preventing disastrous breakdowns.  End-point sensors for such
   monitoring systems are powered mainly by batteries.  As IIoT grows,
   constantly replacing batteries across thousands of devices is cost-
   prohibitive.  In addition, tremendous original sensing data are wirelessly
   transmitted to the server for data analysis, causing colossal energy
   consumption.  In this paper, we propose the first self-powered on-device PdM
   system based on piezoelectric energy harvesting and tiny machine learning
   (Tiny ML). A trained TinyML model is deployed on the low-cost
   microcontroller (MCU) for on-device inferring; only the diagnosis result is
   transmitted.  With an emphasis on ultra-low-power demands, a piezoelectric
   energy harvester is utilized as an energy source and self-powered sensor
   (SPS) simultaneously.  The energy-aware circuit provides reconfigurable
   on/off threshold voltages for efficient and robust intermittent operation.
   The balance between energy supply and demand in the battery-free system has
   been achieved by a handy design.  A rich SPS dataset has been collected in a
   simulated vibration environment and analyzed by five well-known machine-
   learning models.  Random forest stands out given ultra-small data length and
   sampling rate with accuracy up to 99% for four-class similar vibration
   diagnosis.  Lab test validates the feasibility and performance.  As a cyber-
   electro-mechanical co-design, the system provides a promising solution to
   the ubiquitous artificial intelligence of things (AIoT). © 2023 IEEE.
ID economics; electric batteries; energy harvesting; internet of things;
   machine learning; piezoelectricity; power management; vibration analysis;
   current status; end-points; is costs; maintenance systems; monitoring
   system; piezoelectric energy harvesting; point sensors; predictive
   maintenance; self-powered; smart manufacturing; energy utilization

---

UT 1258
AR Paissan F, 2023, PROC - INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI, P299, DOI
   10.1109/IWASI58316.2023.10164328
TI Improving latency performance trade-off in keyword spotting applications at
   the edge
AU Paissan F; Sahabdeen AM; Ancilotto A; Farella E
TC 4
SO PROC - INT WORK ADV SENSORS INTERFACES IWASI
PY 2023
AB Keyword Spotting (KWS) is handy in many innovative ambient intelligence
   applications, such as smart cities and home automation.  While solving KWS
   on GP/GPUs has become a trivial task in recent years, many benefits arise
   when KWS applications run at the edge (e.g., privacy by design and
   infrastructure sustainability), where resources are limited.  Hardware-aware
   scaling (HAS) is a novel paradigm that brings neural architectures to low-
   resource platforms.  With HAS, it is possible to optimize neural
   architectures to fit on embedded platforms (e.g., microcontrollers) while
   maximizing the performance-complexity tradeoff and the performance-latency
   tradeoff.  This paper shows how HAS, coupled with a neural network with
   appropriate scaling capabilities, can outperform architectures designed with
   neural architecture search techniques, such as MCUNet.  Our method achieves
   94.5% accuracy when classifying the 35 keywords in Google Speech Commands
   v2, with only 70 ms of latency and overall power consumption of less than 10
   mJ. © 2023 IEEE.
DE iot; keyword spotting; scalable backbone; tinyml
ID economic and social effects; internet of things; home automation; iot;
   keyword spotting; latency performance; neural architectures; performance
   trade off; resources platforms; scalable backbone; scalings; tinyml; network
   architecture

---

UT 1312
AR Wu H/1, 2023, ICICN - IEEE INT CONF COMMUN NETWORKS, P549, DOI
   10.1109/ICICN59530.2023.10392863
TI A TinyML-based system for prosthetic control
AU Wu H/1; Nazarpour K
TC 4
SO ICICN - IEEE INT CONF COMMUN NETWORKS
PY 2023
AB Machine learning (ML) technology enables the decoding of surface
   electromyographic (sEMG) signals for prosthetic control.  However, its
   deployment beyond desktop studies remains challenging.  A key barrier is the
   lack of computing resources on battery-operated embedded systems.  In this
   paper, we demonstrate the design and development of an embedded platform
   which applied a Tensorflow Lite ML model for prosthetic control for the
   first time.  We optimised the feature extraction stage as well as the model
   design so that they could be executed by a low-power microcontroller in
   real-time.  The testing results with able-bodied participants showed that
   the online performance of the classification model on our system is similar
   to the offline testing accuracy on a PC but with lower memory consumption
   and computational power.  With this paper, we aim to demonstrate the value
   and the potential of adopting TinyML and low-cost embedded systems in
   accelerating out-of-laboratory research on limb prosthetics as well as pre-
   clinical studies.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE electromyogram; neural network; prosthesis; tinyml
ID embedded systems; prosthetics; battery-operated embedded-system; computing
   resource; design and development; electromyo grams; electromyographic
   signal; embedded platforms; machine learning technology; neural networks;
   prosthetic controls; tinyml; clinical research

---

UT 1327
AR Karras A, 2023, SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC
   MEDIA CONF SEEDA-CECNSM, DOI 10.1109/SEEDA-CECNSM61561.2023.10470881
TI TinyML-based Event Detection: An Edge-Cloud Approach for Smart Agriculture
   over LoRa WSNs
AU Karras A; Karras C; Giannaros A; Giotopoulos KC; Tsolis D; Oikonomou K;
   Sioutas S
TC 4
SO SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC MEDIA CONF SEEDA-
   CECNSM
PY 2023
AB In modern agriculture, the capability to promptly detect and respond to
   specific events is crucial.  This study centres on the transformative
   potential of TinyML for enhancing event detection in Smart Agriculture,
   particularly when integrated with LoRa-based Wireless Sensor Networks
   (WSNs). In this work, we underscore the unique advantages of utilizing
   TinyML at the edge-bypassing the latency and overhead associated with cloud-
   centric models and ensuring immediate, on-site analytical insights.
   Employing LoRa WSNs as the backbone provides a seamless, low-power, and
   expansive data communication framework.  Detailed experiments demonstrate
   TinyML's efficacy in accurately predicting agricultural events while
   reducing computational and energy consumption.  In conclusion, the synergy
   between TinyML and LoRa WSNs offers a promising approach for fine-tuned,
   real-time event detection, aiming for sustainable and high-yield
   agricultural practices.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE cloud computing; edge ai; edge computing; event detection; iot; lora; lpwan;
   smart agriculture; tinyml; wsn
ID agriculture; computing power; edge computing; energy utilization; internet
   of things; cloud computing; edge ai; edge clouds; edge computing; events
   detection; iot; lora; lpwan; smart agricultures; tinyml; wireless sensor
   networks

---

UT 1330
AR Demagh L, 2023, PROC IEEE SENS, DOI 10.1109/SENSORS56945.2023.10325296
TI TinyMM: Multimodal-Multitask Machine Learning on Low-Power MCUs for Smart
   Glasses
AU Demagh L; Garda P; Gilbert C; Hachicha K
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE SENS
PY 2023
AB Maintaining a sufficient battery life-time is crucial for an everyday
   wearable instrumented frame.  Therefore, the use of a low-power integrated
   circuit, such as a microcontroller unit (MCU) is essential.  However, MCUs
   are hardware and software limited (e.g., memory limitations, limited
   multiprocessing capabilities, real-time constraints, etc.). These
   limitations restrict the efficient execution of multiple machine learning
   inferences within the frame.  In this regard, we propose in this work, a
   multimodal multitask machine learning approach for low power micro
   controllers, called TinyMM. Our proposal has been assessed through a real-
   world use case for smart glasses, which involves processing data from an
   accelerometer and a digital microphone to perform three distinct
   applications: (1) detecting the wearer's activity, (2) identifying the
   wearer's mode of transportation and (3) locating the wearer's scene.
   Furthermore, when compared to standard approaches, our proposal showed a 2.7
   times reduction in the inference energy and runtime, as well as a 2.1 times
   reduction in the required storage memory footprint.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE acoustic scene classification; human activity recognition; iot; multi-modal
   learning; multitask learning; smart glasses; tinyml; transport mode
   detection; wearable sensing
ID data handling; digital storage; internet of things; learning systems; low
   power electronics; machine learning; microcontrollers; wearable computers;
   wearable sensors; acoustic scene classification; human activity recognition;
   iot; mode detection; multi-modal learning; multitask learning; scene
   classification; smart glass; tinyml; transport mode detection; transport
   modes; wearable sensing; glass

---

UT 1342
AR Liu P, 2023, CHIN J SENS ACTUATORS, V36, P259, DOI
   10.3969/j.issn.1004-1699.2023.02.013
TI A Lightweight Convolutional Neural Network Fall Detection Algorithm Using
   Inertial Sensors; [基于惯性传感器的轻量化卷积神经网络跌倒检测算法]
AU Liu P; Pan J; Zuo Z; Zhu H; Li Y/9
TC 4
SO CHIN J SENS ACTUATORS
PY 2023
AB Deploying a tiny machine learning (TinyML) model in a wearable fall
   detection terminal has problems such as weak computing power, limited
   memory, and incomplete manual feature selection through traditional machine
   learning algorithms.  A lightweight convolutional neural network fall
   detection algorithm using inertial sensers is proposed, and a high-precision
   wearable fall detection system is designed and implemented.  The algorithm
   automatically extracts more complete data features from the fall data and
   uses the depthwise separable convolution to decompose the standard
   convolution into depthwise convolution and pointwise convolution.  With only
   0.2% of the fall detection accuracy lost, the amount of layer parameters is
   reduced by 75.32%, making it more suitable for being deployed in resource-
   constrained embedded terminals.  The experimental results show that the
   algorithm achieves the average accuracy,sensitivity and specificity of
   99.29%, 98.00% and 100.00%, respectively, in the actual fall test
   environment.  Compared with other algorithms, this algorithm not only
   reduces the model size and calculation amount, but also ensures the
   detection accuracy of fall detection.  The successful development of this
   system provides a new way for the fall detection and alarm of the elderly.
   © 2023 Guojia Jiaowei Quanguo Gaoxiao Chuangan Jishu Yanjiuhui.  All rights
   reserved.
DE convolutional neural network; deep learning; fall detection; inertial
   sensors; tinyml

---

UT 1347
AR Shankar R, 2023, IEEE INDIA COUNC INT CONF INDICON, P630, DOI
   10.1109/INDICON59947.2023.10440927
TI Real-Time Pig Vocal Analysis for Early Respiratory Infection Study
AU Shankar R; Nalla NR; Amrita Laasya R; Muthulakshmi M
TC 4
SO IEEE INDIA COUNC INT CONF INDICON
PY 2023
AB Pig farming has steadily advanced to rank among the top agricultural
   efforts.  Their health and nutrition determine financial success in pig
   farming for weaning and pork production.  Respiratory diseases are a
   significant cause of economic losses and animal welfare concerns in the pig
   industry.  The ability to quickly intervene, improve treatment outcomes,
   lessen disease effects, and support long-term pig production depends on the
   early detection and diagnosis of respiratory infections in pigs of
   industrial farms.  Vocalizations made by sick pigs may be an indication of
   respiratory illness.  The proposed work uses the best performing MFE
   features trained model deployed to Arduino Nano, for real-time
   classification of pig vocals.  The vocals are preprocessed using three
   signal processing algorithms: MFE, MFCC, and spectrogram.  This research
   uses an Arduino Nano 33 BLE sensing development board and a mobile phone.
   The Edge Impulse studio receives the pig's cough samples from Arduino, and
   the Mel cepstral features are extracted from the pig's sound signals and fed
   to neural network classifiers for training the CNN model.  The model that
   used the MFE features extracted from pig vocals generated the best results,
   with a maximum accuracy of 99%.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE ble; iot; mfcc; mfe; tinyml
ID diseases; farms; internet of things; losses; mammals; signal processing;
   ble; economic loss; financial success; iot; mfcc; mfe; pig farming; pork
   production; real- time; tinyml; diagnosis

---

UT 1421
AR Ihoume I, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V579, P283, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-19-7663-6_27
TI Developing a TinyML-Oriented Deep Learning Model for an Intelligent
   Greenhouse Microclimate Control from Multivariate Sensed Data
AU Ihoume I; Tadili R; Arbaoui N; Benchrifa M; Idrissi A; Daoudi M
TC 4
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB Equipping the agricultural industry with state-of-the-art technologies such
   as big data analytics, cloud computing, and the Internet of Things (IoT) is
   one of the most promising solutions to more efficient and sustainable yield
   production.  In this context, we develop a tinyML-oriented model for a deep
   learning-based greenhouse microclimate management to be integrated into a
   on-field microcontroller.  Multivariate climate data were collected from
   sensors installed inside a designed experimental strawberry greenhouse.  The
   obtained values’ combinations were labeled according to an eight-action
   control strategy, then used to prepare a balanced deep learning-ready
   dataset.  The latter was used to train, cross-validate, and test 90 multi-
   layer perceptrons (MLPs) with varied hyperparameters to select the most
   performant and optimized model instance for the addressed task.  The final
   selected model incorporates one hidden layer with 8 neurons and has just 104
   parameters; it scored a mean accuracy of 95% during the cross-validation
   phase and 94% on our supplementary test set.  The model enables active,
   robust, and autonomous greenhouse management with the less required
   computations.  It can be efficiently deployed in microcontrollers within
   real-world operating conditions.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE agricultural greenhouse; autonomous control; climate; deep learning; tinyml
ID agriculture; climate models; controllers; data analytics; deep learning;
   greenhouses; internet of things; learning systems; agricultural greenhouse;
   agricultural industries; autonomous control; climate; deep learning;
   greenhouse microclimate; intelligent greenhouse; learning models;
   microclimate control; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1431
AR Narasimharao M, 2023, IEEE INT CONF SUSTAIN ENERGY FUTUR ELECTR TRANSP
   SEFET, DOI 10.1109/SeFeT57834.2023.10245189
TI Assessing the Feasibility and Efficacy of TinyML Based Voice-Activated LED
   Lighting System for Smart Village Micro-Utilities
AU Narasimharao M; Swain B; Nayak PP; Bhuyan S
TC 4
SO IEEE INT CONF SUSTAIN ENERGY FUTUR ELECTR TRANSP SEFET
PY 2023
AB This research paper evaluates the feasibility and efficacy of a low-cost
   voice-activated LED lighting system based on the Raspberry Pi Pico W
   microcontroller and Edge Impulse platform using embedded machine learning
   (ML) techniques.  The proposed system aims to provide a user-friendly and
   energy-efficient means of integrating voice control into IoT devices,
   thereby improving access to clean electricity, communications, and education
   for residents of smart village micro-utilities.  The authors describe the
   design and implementation of the voice-controlled lighting system and its
   use of ML to overcome the challenges of traditional cloud-based solutions in
   resource-constrained environments.  The system achieves an accuracy rate of
   84.30% in Edge Impulse, and the paper also documents the challenges
   encountered during development and the methods used to address them.  The
   research offers a technical analysis of a practical approach to voice-
   activated LED lighting using the Raspberry Pi Pico W and Edge Impulse
   platforms with embedded ML techniques, expanding the literature on smart
   home technology.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; embedded machine learning; smart village micro-utilities;
   voice-activated led lighting
ID automation; energy efficiency; light emitting diodes; lighting fixtures;
   rural areas; edge impulse; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; led
   lighting; led lighting system; machine learning techniques; machine
   learning; research papers; smart village micro-utility; voice-activated led
   lighting; machine learning

---

UT 1437
AR Bader S, 2023, IEEE INSTRUM MEAS MAG, V26, P28, DOI
   10.1109/MIM.2023.10238387
TI Instrumentation and Measurement Systems TinyML: Methods, Applications and
   Opportunities for Instrumentation and Measurement
AU Bader S
TC 4
SO IEEE INSTRUM MEAS MAG
PY 2023
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 1470
AR Burrello A, 2023, PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE, V2023-April, DOI
   10.23919/DATE56975.2023.10137129
TI Energy-efficient Wearable-to-Mobile Offload of ML Inference for PPG-based
   Heart-Rate Estimation
AU Burrello A; Risso M; Tomasello N; Chen Y; Benini L; Macii E; Poncino M;
   Jahier Pagliari D
TC 4
SO PROC DES AUTOM TEST EUR DATE
PY 2023
AB Modern smartwatches often include photoplethysmographic (PPG) sensors to
   measure heartbeats or blood pressure through complex algorithms that fuse
   PPG data with other signals.  In this work, we propose a collaborative
   inference approach that uses both a smartwatch and a connected smartphone to
   maximize the performance of heart rate (HR) tracking while also maximizing
   the smartwatch's battery life.  In particular, we first analyze the trade-
   offs between running on-device HR tracking or offloading the work to the
   mobile.  Then, thanks to an additional step to evaluate the difficulty of
   the upcoming HR prediction, we demonstrate that we can smartly manage the
   workload between smartwatch and smartphone, maintaining a low mean absolute
   error (MAE) while reducing energy consumption.  We benchmark our approach on
   a custom smartwatch prototype, including the STM32WB55 MCU and Bluetooth
   Low-Energy (BLE) communication, and a Raspberry Pi3 as a proxy for the
   smartphone.  With our Collaborative Heart Rate Inference System (CHRIS), we
   obtain a set of Pareto-optimal configurations demonstrating the same MAE as
   State-of-Art (SoA) algorithms while consuming less energy.  For instance, we
   can achieve approximately the same MAE of TimePPG-Small [1] (5.54 BPM MAE
   vs.  5.60 BPM MAE) while reducing the energy by 2.03×, with a configuration
   that offloads 80% of the predictions to the phone.  Furthermore, accepting a
   performance degradation to 7.16 BPM of MAE, we can achieve an energy
   consumption of 179 uJ per prediction, 3.03× less than running TimePPG-Small
   on the smartwatch, and 1.82× less than streaming all the input data to the
   phone.  © 2023 EDAA.
DE hr; mcus; ppg; tinyml
ID economic and social effects; energy efficiency; energy utilization;
   forecasting; heart; inference engines; microcontrollers; pareto principle;
   smartphones; complex algorithms; energy; energy efficient; heart-rate; mcu;
   mean absolute error; photoplethysmographic; rate estimation; smart phones;
   tinyml; blood pressure

---

UT 691
AR Laurini LH, 2023, MICROELECTRON RELIAB, V150, DOI
   10.1016/j.microrel.2023.115179
TI Investigation of edge computing hardware architectures processing tiny
   machine learning under neutron-induced radiation effects
AU Laurini LH; dos Santos Martins JB; Bastos RP
TC 3
SO MICROELECTRON RELIAB
PY 2023
AB This article investigates 14-MeV neutron radiation soft-error effects on two
   contrasting hardware architectures for edge computing systems, one based on
   an 8-bit processor and another on a 64-bit processor, both processing three
   frequently used types of tiny machine learning (ML) algorithms.
   Experimental results of 14-MeV neutron radiation tests in the different
   case-study ML algorithms running on the 64-bit processor show that the
   artificial neural network version using floating point failed more than the
   other versions, although most failure situations caused no misclassification
   in the ML inference.  Furthermore, considering tiny ML applications
   demanding the investigated 8-bit and 64-bit computing systems for the same
   amount of ML inferences, the overall results suggest a preliminary trend
   that both case-study systems would have similar tolerance to 14-MeV neutron
   radiation soft errors.  © 2023 Elsevier Ltd
DE neutron-induced radiation effects; radiation-induced soft errors; tiny
   machine learning ( ml ) algorithms
ID approximation algorithms; computer architecture; digital arithmetic; edge
   computing; inference engines; learning algorithms; machine learning; network
   architecture; neural networks; neutron irradiation; radiation hardening; 14
   mev neutrons; edge computing; machine learning algorithms; machine learning;
   neutron radiations; neutron-induced radiation effect; radiation-induced;
   radiation-induced soft error; soft error; tiny machine learning  algorithm;
   neutrons

---

UT 1021
AR Bittencourt JCN, 2023, UPORTO J ENG, V9, P65, DOI
   10.24840/2183-6493_009-005_002156
TI Optimisation Techniques for Compact CNN on Embedded Systems for Gesture
   Recognition
AU Bittencourt JCN; Rocha WCJ
TC 3
SO UPORTO J ENG
PY 2023
AB Embedded applications are increasingly prevalent in various domains, from
   consumer electronics to industrial automation and smart cities.  With the
   advances in integrated circuit manufacturing technologies, low-power chips
   can now execute complex algorithms, including machine learning models.
   However, the computational constraints of embedded devices require compact
   and efficient neural network models, as well as software frameworks and
   optimisation techniques tailored to their hardware resources.  This study
   investigates the implementation of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models
   for gesture recognition on an STM32F4 microcontroller, by exploring the
   impact of freezing layers, fine-tuning and pruning techniques on pre-trained
   CNN models.  The results demonstrate that fine-tuning and freezing layers
   improve accuracy by up to 18 %. Finally, this study demonstrates that
   pruning reduced the model size by 90 % with a 30 % accuracy impact, when
   compared to the uncompressed model, enabling it to perform gesture
   recognition on small devices.  These findings are significant for developing
   software and optimisation techniques for embedded systems, particularly in
   the context of the Internet of Things.  © 2023, Universidade do Porto -
   Faculdade de Engenharia.  All rights reserved.
DE convolutional neural networks; efficientnet; embedded systems; gesture
   recognition; internet of things; mobilenet; tinyml

---

UT 1047
AR Girolami M, 2023, INT CONF INTELL ENV - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/IE57519.2023.10179090
TI A TinyML-Approach to Detect the Proximity of People Based on Bluetooth Low
   Energy Beacons
AU Girolami M; Fattori F; Chessa S
TC 3
SO INT CONF INTELL ENV - PROC
PY 2023
AB Proximity detection is the process of estimating the closeness between a
   target and a point of interest, and it can be estimated with different
   technologies and techniques.  In this paper we focus on how detecting
   proximity between people with a TinyML-based approach.  We analyze RSS
   values (Received Signal Strength) estimated by a micro-controller and
   propagated by Bluetooth's tags.  To this purpose, we collect a dataset of
   Bluetooth RSS signals by considering different postures of the involved
   people.  The dataset is adopted to train and test two neural networks: a
   fully-connected and an LSTM model that we compress to be executed directly
   on-board of the micro-controller.  Experimental results conducted over the
   dataset show an average precision and recall metrics of 0.8 with both of the
   models, and with an inference time less than 1 ms.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino; deep learning; proximity; tinyml
ID long short-term memory; statistical tests; arduino; deep learning; lower
   energies; microcontroller; neural networks; precision and recall; proximity;
   proximity detection; received signal strength; tinyml; bluetooth

---

UT 1067
AR Marciniak F, 2023, SIGNAL PROCESS - ALGORITHMS ARCHIT ARRANGE APPL CONF PROC
   SPA, V2023-September, P36, DOI 10.23919/SPA59660.2023.10274443
TI Analysis of fast prototyping of microcontroller-based ML software for
   acoustic signal classification
AU Marciniak F; Marciniak W; Marciniak T
TC 3
SO SIGNAL PROCESS - ALGORITHMS ARCHIT ARRANGE APPL CONF PROC SPA
PY 2023
AB The paper analyzes the preparation of software for acoustic signal
   classification with machine learning techniques for microcontrollers.  The
   design process was tested for three types of devices: Nordic Thingy:53,
   SensorTile.box and Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense Lite.  The classifier training
   process was carried out using the Edge Impulse platform.  Experimental
   studies were carried out for the process of classifying sound signals
   generated by the vacuum cleaner motor.  The results of the training and the
   model test were presented for different configurations.  © 2023 Division of
   Signal Processing and Electronic Systems, Poznan University of Technology
   (DSPES PUT).
DE arduino nano 33; edge impulse; nordic thingy; stm32; tinyml
ID acoustic waves; computer architecture; computer hardware; learning systems;
   signal processing; software prototyping; vacuum cleaners; acoustic signals;
   arduino nano 33; edge impulse; fast prototyping; microcontroller-based;
   nordic thingy; paper analysis; signal classification; stm32; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1088
AR Pau D, 2023, IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTI INTELL NEURAL ENG
   METROXRAINE - PROC, P295, DOI 10.1109/MetroXRAINE58569.2023.10405784
TI TinyRCE: Forward Learning Under Tiny Constraints
AU Pau D; Ambrose PK; Pisani A; Aymone FM
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTI INTELL NEURAL ENG METROXRAINE - PROC
PY 2023
AB The challenge posed by on-tiny-devices learning targeting ultra-low power
   devices has recently attracted several machine learning researchers.  A
   typical on-device model learning session processes real time streams of data
   produced by heterogeneous sensors.  In such a context, this paper proposes
   TinyRCE, a forward-only learning approach based on a hyperspherical
   classifier aiming to be deployed on microcontrollers and, potentially, on
   sensors.  The learning process is fed by labeled data streams to be
   classified by the proposed method.  The classical RCE algorithm has been
   modified by adding a forget mechanism to discard useless neurons from the
   classifier's hidden layer, since they could become redundant over time.
   TinyRCE is fed with compact features extracted by a convolutional neural
   network which could be an extreme learning machine.  In such case, the
   weights of the topology were randomly initialized instead of trained offline
   with backpropagation.  Its weights are stored in a tiny read-only memory of
   76.45KiB. The classifier required up to 40.26KiB of RAM to perform a
   complete on-device learning workload in 0.216s, running on an MCU clocked at
   480MHz.  TinyRCE has been evaluated with a new interleaved learning and
   testing protocol to mimic an on-tiny-device forward learning workload.  It
   has been tested with openly available datasets representing human activity
   monitoring (PAMAP2, SHL) and ball-bearing anomaly detection (CWRU) case
   studies.  Experiments have shown that TinyRCE performed competitively
   against a supervised convolutional topology followed by a SoftMax classifier
   trained with backpropagation on all these datasets.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE extreme learning machines; feature extraction; human activity recognition;
   hyper-spherical classifier; on-tiny-device learning; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; classification ( of information ); convolution;
   convolutional neural networks; feature extraction; knowledge acquisition;
   random access storage; topology; extreme learning machine; features
   extraction; human activity recognition; hyper-spherical classifier; learning
   machines; low power devices; machine learning; on-tiny-device learning;
   tinyml; ultra-low power; backpropagation

---

UT 1103
AR Chepyk O, 2023, INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT, DOI
   10.23919/SpliTech58164.2023.10193265
TI An Embedded EOG-based Brain Computer Interface System for Robotic Control
AU Chepyk O; Bruna A; Campolo M; Mammone N; Morabito FC; Ruggeri G; Tomaselli V
TC 3
SO INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT
PY 2023
AB Brain computer interfaces (BCIs) provide new opportunities for individuals
   with motor disabilities to interact with their environment.  One challenge
   for BCI systems is to produce control commands for robotics quickly and
   accurately.  This study proposes using four types of electrooculography
   (EOG) signals, including left and right winks, voluntary and involuntary eye
   blinks, to control a remote robotic system.  Voluntary and involuntary eye
   blinks are differentiated to avoid unintended commands.  The system uses
   tinyML algorithm to analyze and interpret the EOG signals in real-time,
   adapting to resource-limited settings.  The proposed system includes an
   event detection algorithm to select signal segments and a 1D CNN for
   classification.  Our BCI solution is entirely embedded on a custom-made
   board with dedicated components and a STM32L476RG microcontroller unit (MCU)
   which takes care of the whole process without the need of any external
   device.  The system enables three degrees of freedom control (e.g., a
   robotic platform) with 99.3% average classification accuracy for the four
   classes of EOG signals.  Multiple users have tested the system, reporting
   high accuracy and ease of use when controlling a three-wheeled robot.  ©
   2023 University of Split, FESB.
DE 1d-cnn; eog blink/wink classifier; low energy; low-cost; mcu; non-invasive
   bci; real-time; reliable; tinyml
ID computer control systems; costs; degrees of freedom ( mechanics );
   interfaces ( computer ); microcontrollers; robotics; 1d-cnn;
   electrooculography blink/wink classifier; interface system; low-costs; lower
   energies; microcontroller unit; non-invasive brain computer interface; real-
   time; reliable; tinyml; brain computer interface

---

UT 1107
AR Zonzini F, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V546 LNNS, P340, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-16281-7_33
TI A Tiny Machine Learning Approach to the Edge Localization of Acoustic
   Sources via Convolutional Neural Networks
AU Zonzini F; Donati G; De Marchi L
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB Source localization is a critical step in Acoustic Emission (AE)–based
   Structural Health Monitoring (SHM), since it allows to identify the point of
   a structure where most of the acoustic activity is growing due to both
   ageing (e.g., cracks, delamination, etc.) and sudden flaws.  Recently,
   Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms have been proposed, which can
   overcome standard statistical methods especially when the signal–to–noise
   ratio is poor.  In this work, the embodiment of tiny Convolutional Neural
   Network (CNN) models on a 32–bit microcontroller unit is presented for the
   task of Time of Arrival (ToA) estimation, which is the crucial parameter to
   be estimated for AE localization.  Experimental results on real–field data
   prove that the embedded models can achieve satisfying accuracy for AE
   identification.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG.
DE acoustic source localization; convolutional neural network; structural
   health monitoring; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1127
AR Kalioras F, 2023, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P74, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT58021.2023.00021
TI (POSTER) A Holistic IoT-Enabled Approach for Indoor Air Quality Control
AU Kalioras F; Filios G; Karatzas S; Nikoletseas S
TC 3
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2023
AB Indoor air quality (IAQ) is an important yet often overlooked aspect of
   public health, with poor IAQ contributing to a significant number of diverse
   health problems worldwide.  Existing air quality standards have failed to
   fully address the problem, however emerging technologies in the field of IoT
   have demonstrated promise in effectively addressing this issue.  This
   concept paper advocates a hybrid hierarchy system for IAQ monitoring that
   incorporates both offline and online connectivity.  The system utilizes
   sensing elements that can perform a wide range of functions, including
   autocalibration, pollution event detection, and more, autonomously from the
   network.  By combining a gateway device, the system's capabilities are
   enhanced, providing increased data granularity, additional calibration and
   sensing options as well as connection with Building Management Systems
   (BMS). Furthermore, by connecting the gateway to the cloud, the system can
   perform more advanced data analysis and machine learning, providing users
   with insights into not only air quality but also general environmental
   quality.  Key features of the envisioned system include the integration of
   subjective perception of pollution via crowdsourcing, a TinyML technology at
   the edge, digital twins, and an optimised redundancy of sensors that can
   alleviate poor accuracy and drift as well as capture the spatial dispersion
   of pollution.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE ai; crowdsourcing; digital twins; indoor air quality; iot; tinyml
ID air quality; artificial intelligence; gateways ( computer networks ); indoor
   air pollution; information management; intelligent buildings; internet of
   things; quality control; air quality control; concept papers; crowdsourcing;
   emerging technologies; indoor air quality; indoor air quality monitoring;
   iot; offline; sensing elements; tinyml; crowdsourcing

---

UT 1160
AR Halford G, 2023, IEEE METROCON METROCON, DOI
   10.1109/MetroCon59008.2023.10340511
TI Machine Learning Optimization and Validation with ST-Microelectronics
   X-Cube-AI
AU Halford G; Depoian AC; Bailey CP
TC 3
SO IEEE METROCON METROCON
PY 2023
AB As artificial intelligence models continually expand in size and complexity,
   the deployment onto embedded mi-crocomputer systems becomes progressively
   more challenging.  This paper provides an assessment of the AI integration
   tools furnished by ST-Microelectronics (STM) for ARM M4 and M7 development
   systems.  The research performed shows that minor alterations to a machine
   learning models architecture can significantly impact X-Cube-AI's ability to
   compress and successfully deploy to a ST microcontroller while maintaining
   accuracy.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE stm32; tinyml; x-cube-ai
ID embedded systems; geometry; machine learning; development systems;
   integration tools; intelligence models; learning optimizations; machine
   learning models; machine learning; modeling architecture; st-
   microelectronic-32; tinyml; x-cube-ai; microelectronics

---

UT 1176
AR Depoian AC, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12526, DOI 10.1117/12.2664118
TI Entropy bottleneck network for IR image compression
AU Depoian AC; Adams ER; Chiapputo N; Bailey CP; Guturu P
TC 3
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB The objective of image compression is to reduce irrelevance and redundancy
   of the image data to be able to store or transmit data in an efficient
   manner by minimizing the number of bits required to represent an image
   accurately.  JPEG is capable of achieving an image compression ratio of 10:1
   with little perceptible loss in image quality using standard metrics, and
   has become the most widely used standard image compression in the world
   since its release.  Traditionally, compression techniques have relied on
   linear transforms to approximate 2-D signals (images), and the omission of
   specific constituent vectors has been mostly arbitrary.  These techniques
   can save incredible amounts of memory while retaining image integrity.
   Recently techniques have been developed that use neural networks to
   approximate these signals.  These networks offer the advantage of
   decorrelating image data to find a series of vectors to represent an image
   that is smaller than traditional techniques by estimating gradient descent,
   thus finding the minimum number of bits required to represent an image.
   Expansion to the development of these architectures is happening rapidly
   through informed design drawing upon other fields that have recently seen
   increased focus such as computer vision and image analysis applications.  A
   novel efficient neural network is proposed in this work to compress infrared
   images at state of the art levels while preserving overall image quality to
   handle the demands spanning from the daily commute to combat environments.
   © 2023 SPIE.
DE efficient ai; entropy bottleneck; image compression; ir images; tinyml
ID gradient methods; image compression; image quality; infrared imaging;
   efficient ai; entropy bottleneck; image data; images compression; ir images;
   minimizing the number of; neural networks; standard metrics; tinyml;
   transmit data; entropy

---

UT 1181
AR Mallick S, 2023, INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS, DOI
   10.1109/SmartNets58706.2023.10216211
TI Resource-Constrained Device Characterization for Detecting Sleep Apnea Using
   Machine Learning
AU Mallick S; Ruparel P; Gawali S; Goveas N
TC 3
SO INT CONF SMART APPL COMMUN NETW SMARTNETS
PY 2023
AB Automation of measurement and analysis of continuous human body parameters
   like ECG is a first step towards establishing accessible and distributed
   medical infrastructure.  Currently, the cost of medical devices and use of
   expertise for analysis puts this out of reach of many patients.  Unless
   their condition becomes life-threatening most patients will avoid going
   through this process, losing out on the benefits of early detection and
   treatment of their illness.  In this work, we propose the use of cost-
   effective devices for making a complete self-contained pipeline which
   includes measurement of ECG signals, cleaning and pre-processing of signals
   and use of machine learning techniques to analyse them on the device.  We
   have used as a case study, detection of Sleep Apnea using ECG signals.  We
   compare resource-constrained hardware with varying price and capability
   ranges to study their effectiveness in detecting Sleep Apnea.  We propose
   the use of an artificial neural network model developed using TensorFlow
   Lite on resource-constrained devices for detection of Sleep Apnea.  We
   report that the results from resource-constrained devices are comparable to
   more advanced and expensive devices for detection of Sleep Apnea using ECG
   signals.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep learning; ecg signal processing; edge impulse; healthcare system;
   machine learning; neural networks; resource-constrained device; sleep apnea;
   tinyml
ID cost benefit analysis; deep learning; electrocardiograms; learning systems;
   neural networks; patient treatment; sleep research; deep learning; ecg
   signal processing; ecg signals; edge impulse; healthcare systems; machine
   learning; neural networks; resource-constrained devices; sleep apnea;
   tinyml; cost effectiveness

---

UT 1188
AR Kumar M, 2023, PROC NKCON - IEEE NORTH KARNATAKA SUBSECT FLAGSH INT CONF,
   DOI 10.1109/NKCon59507.2023.10396193
TI Mobile-Based Classification and Detection of Diabetic Retinopathy Using
   TinyML
AU Kumar M; Mohan Kumar HP; Sultana H; Shweta JS
TC 3
SO PROC NKCON - IEEE NORTH KARNATAKA SUBSECT FLAGSH INT CONF
PY 2023
AB This paper presents a comprehensive approach to diabetic retinopathy (DR)
   classification and detection, encompassing the evaluation of ResNet, RegNet,
   and WideResNet models for DR severity assessment.  Leveraging the Kaggle's
   APTOS 2019 dataset, we implement and analyze these models using PyTorch,
   highlighting their efficacy in categorizing DR severity levels.
   Additionally, we leverage Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) techniques to
   develop a mobile-based solution, enabling real-time DR severity assessment
   on mobile devices.  This mobile application showcases the potential of
   TinyML for early detection and intervention in DR cases, ultimately
   enhancing patient outcomes.  By synergizing advanced deep learning models
   with TinyML, this study contributes to healthcare technology, enabling
   timely interventions and improved patient outcomes.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE diabetic retinopathy; regular network; residual neural network; tiny machine
   learning contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization; wide residual
   neural network
ID deep learning; eye protection; learning systems; patient treatment; adaptive
   histograms; diabetic retinopathy; histogram equalizations; machine learning;
   neural networks; regular networks; residual neural network; tiny machine
   learning contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization; wide residual
   neural network; equalizers

---

UT 1191
AR Seddar MO, 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14237 LNCS, P117, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-43950-6_10
TI Detecting the Pre-impact of Falls in the Elderly, Along with the Use
   of an Airbag Belt for Protection Against Femoral Neck Fractures
AU Seddar MO; Rao G; Fleury A; Kahn M
TC 3
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2023
AB Falls are a significant health risk for older adults, and fall-related
   injuries are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in this population.
   Elderlies are particularly vulnerable to falls due to age-related declines
   in mobility, balance, and muscle strength, as well as chronic medical
   conditions with use of certain medications.  These injuries can range from
   minor bruises and scrapes to more severe like fractures, head trauma, or
   internal bleeding.  To prevent falls in older adults, some solutions propose
   to ensure a safe living environment, others to maintain physical activity,
   and others to manage chronic medical conditions.  This article presents the
   implementation and test of a system preventing hip fractures resulting from
   falls using a fall detection and prediction system designed to protect and
   alert individuals during falls.  © 2023, The Author(s).
DE airbag system; ehealth; fall detection; imu; machine learning; medical
   devices; pre-impact fall detection; tinyml
ID fracture; health risks; machine learning; airbag systems; ehealth; ehealth;
   fall detection; imu; machine learning; medical devices; older adults; pre-
   impact fall detection; tinyml; fall detection

---

UT 1204
AR Penner K, 2023, IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/BSN58485.2023.10330937
TI TinyML optimization for activity classification on the resource-constrained
   body sensor BI-Vital
AU Penner K; Wittenfeld F; Steinhagen B; Hesse M; Ruckert U
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF BODY SENS NETWORKS BSN - PROC
PY 2023
AB Addressing the demand for scalable and efficient deployment of machine
   learning (ML) models on mobile devices and especially microcontrollers, this
   research introduces a hardware-in-The-loop (HIL) deployment setup within the
   producer-consumer software architecture of the BI-Vital, a chest-mounted
   body sensor designed by our research group.  The sensor provides real-Time
   monitoring of various physiological and environmental parameters, enhanced
   by the integration of tiny machine learning (TinyML). Leveraging the UCI-HAR
   dataset for Human Activity Recognition (HAR), this study focuses on
   optimizing ML models' hyperparameters to balance inference time, memory,
   accuracy, and power consumption.  An efficiency score E is proposed to
   assess models in this unique context.  The results illustrate the trade-offs
   between the models: Decision Trees offer reduced power usage, Multilayer
   Perceptrons ensure high accuracy with minimal memory requirements, while
   Convolutional Neural Networks present limitations due to extended inference
   times.  The results emphasize the potential of TinyML in wearable
   physiological monitoring, especially for optimizing models for resource-
   limited devices in real-world applications.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE human activity recognition; producer-consumer architecture; tinyml;
   wearable; wireless body sensor node
ID body sensor networks; constrained optimization; decision trees; deep neural
   networks; economic and social effects; energy efficiency; memory
   architecture; multilayer neural networks; network architecture; pattern
   recognition; physiological models; physiology; activity classifications;
   body sensors; human activity recognition; learning optimizations; machine
   learning models; machine learning; producer-consumer architecture; tiny
   machine learning; wearable; wireless body sensor nodes; wearable sensors

---

UT 1239
AR Van Kempen P, 2023, PROC - IEEE/ACM INT WORK COMPIL DEPLOY TOOL EDGE AI
   CODAI, P32, DOI 10.1145/3615338.3618128
TI MLonMCU: TinyML Benchmarking with Fast Retargeting
AU Van Kempen P; Stahl R; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Schlichtmann U
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM INT WORK COMPIL DEPLOY TOOL EDGE AI CODAI
PY 2023
AB While there exist many ways to deploy machine learning models on
   microcontrollers, it is non-trivial to choose the optimal combination of
   frameworks and targets for a given application.  Thus, automating the end-
   to-end benchmarking flow is of high relevance nowadays.  A tool called
   MLonMCU is proposed in this paper and demonstrated by benchmarking the
   state-of-the-art TinyML frameworks TFLite for Microcontrollers and TVM
   effortlessly with a large number of configurations in a low amount of time.
   © 2023 is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
DE microcontrollers; neural networks; tinyml
ID benchmarking; controllers; end to end; machine learning models; neural
   networks; non-trivial; optimal combination; state of the art; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1256
AR Hidalgo CH, 2023, IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS BLUE PLANET MARRIAGE SEA
   SP WF-IOT, DOI 10.1109/WF-IoT58464.2023.10539452
TI Edge Computing in Smart Agriculture Scenario Based on TinyML for Irrigation
   Control
AU Hidalgo CH; Gonzalez-Vidal A; Skarmeta AF
TC 3
SO IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS BLUE PLANET MARRIAGE SEA SP WF-IOT
PY 2023
AB Various regions around the world are encountering substantial difficulties
   as a result of arid conditions, vulnerability to climate change, and water
   shortages.  These factors present significant obstacles to maintaining
   agricultural practices.  Water stress resulting from limited water
   availability adversely affects crop growth and productivity.  To tackle this
   pressing issue, the application of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models for
   optimizing crop irrigation is proposed.  TinyML involves implementing
   machine learning algorithms on resource-constrained devices, such as
   microcontrollers.  By collecting and processing meteorological and crop
   data, a TinyML model has been trained to optimize irrigation practices and
   detect crop anomalies in real-time.  This approach has the potential to
   revolutionize agricultural practices by enabling precise and efficient water
   management, even in remote environments.  This work tackles the first steps
   to implementing TinyML algorithms for irrigation.  We have computed the
   relationship between humidity and temperature changes with NDVI (Nor-malized
   Difference Vegetation Index) anomalies in crops to make predictions and make
   Intelligent decisions toward water usage.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE irrigation; smart agriculture; tinyml
ID climate change; crops; edge computing; learning algorithms; machine
   learning; water management; agricultural practices; arid conditions; edge
   computing; irrigation controls; machine learning algorithms; machine
   learning models; machine learning; scenario-based; smart agricultures; tiny
   machine learning; irrigation

---

UT 1257
AR Asritha A, 2023, PROC INT CONF AUGMENT INTELL SUSTAIN SYST ICAISS, P765, DOI
   10.1109/ICAISS58487.2023.10250693
TI Efficient Speech Emotion Recognition for Resource-Constrained Devices
AU Asritha A; Dusyanth C; Sianyengele O; Suprith BV; Srinivas PVVS; Kumar ML
TC 3
SO PROC INT CONF AUGMENT INTELL SUSTAIN SYST ICAISS
PY 2023
AB This study investigates the creation of a deep neural network-based speech
   emotion recognition (SER) model and its transformation into a TinyML model.
   In order to learn from sequences and perform well on SER tasks, the Long
   Short-Term Memory (LSTM) architecture and Mel-frequency cepstral
   coefficients (MFCCs) are used.  Additionally, TinyML is used to make machine
   learning models operable on resource-constrained hardware, such as
   microcontrollers, providing benefits for a variety of applications,
   including mobile, IoT, and wearable technology.  The circumplex model in
   affective computing, which represents a two-dimensional model indicating
   emotions with respect to of valence and arousal, is taken into consideration
   in this application.  Based on this framework and the resulting scenarios,
   the categories "Fear"and "Disgusted"are eliminated, and "Angry"and
   "Sad"emotions are combined into one category, "Unpleasant,"because they
   share similar valence and arousal characteristics.  The classification of
   four emotions - happy, surprised, neutral, and unpleasant - is consequently
   a focus.  Three datasets were combined to create the dataset used is a
   combination of three datasets, RAVDESS [21], TESS [22], and SAVEE [23].
   Before exploring and displaying wave plots as well as spectrograms for
   various emotions, the data is imported and preprocessed.  The dataset is
   expanded, and the model's performance is improved, using data augmentation
   techniques like noise addition, stretching, and pitching.  After completing
   the typical training and validation pipeline, the model is quantized to
   reduce its size and converted into a TensorFlow Lite (TFLite) format.  The
   inference time of the TFLite model is then compared to the inference time of
   the original model.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep neural network; microcontrollers; speech emotion recognition;
   tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; emotion recognition; long short-term memory; speech
   recognition; wearable computers; learn+; machine learning models; mel-
   frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients;
   network-based; recognition models; resource-constrained devices; speech
   emotion recognition; tensorflow lite; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1267
AR Pavone M, 2023, MEDITERR CONF CONTROL AUTOM MED, P599, DOI
   10.1109/MED59994.2023.10185713
TI A Generalized Approach for Feature Selection in Water Quality Monitoring
AU Pavone M; Epicoco N; Magliocca F; Pola G
TC 3
SO MEDITERR CONF CONTROL AUTOM MED
PY 2023
AB The application of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) in
   IoT smart sensor technologies has opened wide possibilities in the field of
   Water Quality Monitoring (WQM). Power saving and price-per-unit
   requirements, fundamentals for Wide Distributed Sensors Networks (WDSN),
   drive research in developing AI-model reduction techniques to make
   algorithms faster and cheaper in terms of hardware resources and battery
   consumption.  Before any optimization process, Feature Selection (FS) is
   needed to reduce the number of basic operations in smart sensors workflow,
   thus making lighter the data acquiring phase and decreasing the size of data
   input for the subsequent AI process.  However, selecting the FS method that
   best fits the specific requirements of the considered application is not
   trivial, given the numerous available FS methods and the relevant number of
   possible feature subsets.  In this context, this paper presents a
   generalized and versatile algorithm, based on the concept of ensemble-FS, to
   support and speed up the AI-unit design process.  The method compares
   different FS methods, effectively providing precise information about the
   accuracy (and any other requirement) of the selected FS method with respect
   to the number of acquired features.  The proposed methodology is tested on a
   real WQM case study by analyzing the obtained results when both the popular
   and high-performer XGBoost algorithm and some ready-to-use FS-ranker methods
   in the Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis (WEKA) are used.  Results
   show that the XGboost is the best performer for the case study in terms of
   stability and accuracy.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE feature selection; tiny machine learning; weka; xgboost
ID feature selection; smart sensors; water quality; artificial intelligence
   learning; case-studies; feature selection methods; features selection;
   knowledge analysis; machine learning; tiny machine learning; waikato
   environment for knowledge analyze; water quality monitoring; xgboost;
   digital storage

---

UT 1281
AR Puthal D, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN DATA SCI SYST
   SMART CITY DEPENDABILITY SENS CLOUD BIG DATA SYST APPL
   HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS, P566, DOI 10.1109/HPCC-DSS-SmartCity-
   DependSys60770.2023.00083
TI Pervasive AI for Secure and Scalable IoT- Edge-Cloud Continuum: A Big
   Picture
AU Puthal D; Mohanty SP; Yeun CY; Damiani E; Pradhan B
TC 3
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF PERFORM COMPUT COMMUN DATA SCI SYST SMART CITY
   DEPENDABILITY SENS CLOUD BIG DATA SYST APPL HPCC/DSS/SMARTCITY/DEPENDSYS
PY 2023
AB The proliferation of Internet of Things (IoT) devices has led to an
   explosion of data generated at the edge of the network.  This has led to the
   development of the IoT -Edge-Cloud continuum, where data is processed and
   analyzed across multiple layers of the network.  However, this also poses
   significant security and privacy challenges, as sensitive data is
   transmitted across the network.  In this paper, we propose the use of
   Pervasive Artificial Intelligence (AI) to enhance the security and
   efficiency of the IoT -Edge-Cloud continuum.  Pervasive AI can be used at
   each layer of the network to process and analyze data in real-time, reducing
   the amount of data that needs to be transmitted across the network.  This
   can help to improve response times, reduce network traffic, and enhance
   security by keeping data localized.  We also discuss the potential
   cybersecurity threats and future research directions for the use of
   Pervasive AI in the IoT - Edge-Cloud continuum.  Our findings suggest that
   Pervasive AI has significant potential to enhance the security and
   efficiency of the IoT -Edge-Cloud continuum, and should be considered as a
   viable solution for future IoT deployments.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge ai; machine learning; pervasive ai; privacy and scalability; security;
   tinyml
ID cybersecurity; efficiency; machine learning; network layers; network
   security; sensitive data; edge clouds; edge artificial intelligence; machine
   learning; multiple layers; pervasive artificial intelligence; privacy and
   scalability; security; security and privacy; sensitive datas; tinyml;
   internet of things

---

UT 1290
AR Riyanta B, 2023, J ROBOT CONTROL, V4, P466, DOI 10.18196/jrc.v4i4.15918
TI Development of Speech Command Control Based TinyML System for Post-Stroke
   Dysarthria Therapy Device
AU Riyanta B; Irianta HA; Kamiel BP
TC 3
SO J ROBOT CONTROL
PY 2023
AB Post-stroke dysarthria (PSD) is a widespread outcome of a stroke.  To help
   in the objective evaluation of dysarthria, the development of pathological
   voice recognition and technology has a lot of attention.  Soft robotics
   therapy devices have been received as an alternative rehabilitation and hand
   grasp assistance for improving activity daily living (ADL). Despite the
   significant progress in this field, most soft robotic therapy devices use a
   complex, bulky, lack of pathological voice recognition model, large
   computational power, and stationary controller.  This study aims to develop
   a portable wirelessly multi-controller with a simulated dysarthric vowel
   speech in Bahasa Indonesia and non-dysarthric micro speech recognition,
   using tiny machine learning (TinyMl) system for hardware efficiency.  The
   speech interface using INMP441, compute with a lightweight Deep
   Convolutional Neural network (DCNN) design and embedded into ESP-32. Feature
   model using Short Time Fourier Transform (STFT) and fed into CNN. This
   method has proven useful in micro-speech recognition with low computational
   power in both speech scenarios with a level of accuracy above 90%. Realtime
   inference performance on ESP-32 using hand prosthetics, with 3-level
   household noise intensity respectively 24db,42db, and 62db, and has
   respectively resulted from 95%, 85%, and 50% Accuracy.  Wireless
   connectivity success rate with both controllers is around 0.2 - 0.5 ms.  ©
   2023 The Author(s). All rights reserved.
DE asr; dysarthic speech recognition; edge controller devices; kws; micro
   speech; post stroke dysarthria; scr; stft-cnn; tinyml

---

UT 1302
AR Esmaili P/1, 2023, IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTI INTELL NEURAL ENG
   METROXRAINE - PROC, P747, DOI 10.1109/MetroXRAINE58569.2023.10405679
TI TinyML Anomaly Detection in Portable Cutting Tools
AU Esmaili P/1; Cavedo F; Esmaili P; Norgia M
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF METROL EXT REAL ARTI INTELL NEURAL ENG METROXRAINE - PROC
PY 2023
AB Through electrical impedance measurement between the bar of the cutting tool
   and the operator's body, an active impedance protection system can
   discriminate between the body proximity while cutting a tree.  However, the
   performance of simple threshold-based systems can be affected by the
   unpredictability of the working environment in addition to the complexity of
   cutting tasks.  This paper proposes and evaluates a protection system for
   portable cutting tools based on end-to-end anomaly detection using TinyML
   paradigm.  The model is based on the fully connected neural network and
   K-means clustering algorithm, which is developed on the ESP32-DevKitC-V4.
   Considering anomaly rank while approaching normal or hazardous situations,
   the proposed system shows an improvement in detecting different states
   enabling real-time decision-making through a compact, low-cost, and low-
   power consumption solution.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge computing; embedded machine learning; fully connected neural network;
   impedance measurement; k-means clustering; object detection anomaly
   detection; portable cutting tools; safety devices
ID anomaly detection; cutting tools; decision making; electric impedance
   measurement; electric power system protection; k-means clustering; machine
   learning; object detection; smart power grids; anomaly detection; edge
   computing; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; fully connected
   neural network; impedance measurement; k-means++ clustering; machine
   learning; object detection anomaly detection; objects detection; portable
   cutting tool; edge computing

---

UT 1320
AR Kwon C-K, 2023, PROC - CONGR COMPUT SCI COMPUT ENG APPL COMPUT CSCE, P2697,
   DOI 10.1109/CSCE60160.2023.00433
TI Development of Embedded Machine Learning Finger Number Recognition
   Application using Edge Impulse Platform
AU Kwon C-K
TC 3
SO PROC - CONGR COMPUT SCI COMPUT ENG APPL COMPUT CSCE
PY 2023
AB This work demonstrates the use of a user-friendly AI platform-Edge Impulse-
   to develop and evaluate Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) models.  Edge Impulse
   is a platform for building TinyML models that are optimized to run
   efficiently on any tiny embedded device, and it therefore has tough resource
   constraints, such as a memory size of a few hundred kilobytes and ultra-low
   power consumption.  To achieve our stated purpose, we focused on five finger
   number gestures representing the numbers from one to five, and we then used
   the Edge Impulse platform to build optimized machine learning applications
   to recognize these five selected finger number gestures.  The Arduino Nano
   33 BLE Sense is the target device on which a TinyML generated by an Edge
   Impulse platform is assumed to be running.  In terms of performance, the
   TinyML was able to correctly recognize 92% of the finger number gestures
   from one to five.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge impulse machine learning platform; korean finger number gesture
   recognition; semg signals; tinyml
ID gesture recognition; palmprint recognition; edge impulse machine learning
   platform; embedded machines; gestures recognition; korean finger number
   gesture recognition; learning platform; machine learning models; machine
   learning; semg signal; tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1353
AR Chen JI-Z, 2023, IND ROBOT, V50, P581, DOI 10.1108/IR-02-2022-0045
TI The implementation and performance evaluation for a smart robot with edge
   computing algorithms
AU Chen JI-Z; Huang P-F; Pi CS
TC 3
SO IND ROBOT
PY 2023
AB Purpose: Apart from, the smart edge computing (EC) robot (SECR) provides the
   tools to manage Internet of things (IoT) services in the edge landscape by
   means of real-world test-bed designed in ECR. Eventually, based on the
   results from two experiments held in little constrained condition, such as
   the maximum data size is 2GB, the performance of the proposed techniques
   demonstrate the effectiveness, scalability and performance efficiency of the
   proposed IoT model.  Design/methodology/approach: Certainly, the proposed
   SECR is trying primarily to take over other traditional static robots in a
   centralized or distributed cloud environment.  One aspect of representation
   of the proposed edge computing algorithms is due to challenge to slow down
   the consumption of time which happened in an artificial intelligence (AI)
   robot system.  Thus, the developed SECR trained by tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) techniques to develop a decentralized and dynamic software
   environment.  Findings: Specifically, the waste time of SECR has actually
   slowed down when it is embedded with Edge Computing devices in the
   demonstration of data transmission within different paths.  The TinyML is
   applied to train with image data sets for generating a framework running in
   the SECR for the recognition which has also proved with a second complete
   experiment.  Originality/value: The work presented in this paper is the
   first research effort, and which is focusing on resource allocation and
   dynamic path selection for edge computing.  The developed platform using a
   decoupled resource management model that manages the allocation of micro
   node resources independent of the service provisioning performed at the
   cloud and manager nodes.  Besides, the algorithm of the edge computing
   management is established with different path and pass large data to cloud
   and receive it.  In this work which considered the SECR framework is able to
   perform the same function as that supports to the multi-dimensional scaling
   (MDS). © 2022, Emerald Publishing Limited.
DE ai ( artificial intelligence ); ec ( edge computing ); iot ( internet of
   things ); secr ( smart edge computing robot ); tinyml ( tiny machine
   learning )
ID edge computing; intelligent robots; machine design; machine learning;
   resource allocation; artificial intelligence; computing algorithms; edge
   computing; internet of thing; machine learning; performances evaluation;
   smart edge computing robot; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 1371
AR Dogaru R, 2023, INT SYMP ELECTR ELECTRON ENG ISEEE - PROC, P44, DOI
   10.1109/ISEEE58596.2023.10310339
TI V-CNN: A Versatile Light CNN Structure For Image Recognition On Resources
   Constrained Platforms
AU Dogaru R; Dogaru I
TC 3
SO INT SYMP ELECTR ELECTRON ENG ISEEE - PROC
PY 2023
AB This paper introduces V-CNN, a versatile structure inspired from previously
   introduced light models such as NL-CNN. What makes the V-CNN structure
   efficient is the process of optimizing its hyper-parameters.  Consequently,
   several aspects in proper design for building of efficient (validation
   accuracy near state of the art while keeping the complexity of the
   structure) V-CNN structures, are considered and detailed in this paper.
   While V-CNN includes as particular cases several previously defined models
   such as NL-CNN and XNL-CNN, it can be better tailored for efficient
   deployment given a specific dataset.  A V-CNN model with 1.5 million
   parameters obtained 91.55% validation accuracy on CIFAR-10 dataset,
   surpassing the previous result of 90.60% using the NL-CNN. The V-CNN model
   offers the following advantages: i) using optimization hints described
   herein it allows maximal efficiency (good accuracy at low complexity) for a
   wide variety of datasets; ii) has a low number of layer primitives, thus
   making easier their specific design for deployment on various TinyML or
   EdgeAI platforms, including FPGAS.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; edge ai; resources constrained; tinyml; tpu
ID complex networks; image recognition; cnn models; convolutional neural
   network; edge ai; hyper-parameter; light models; proper design; resource-
   constrained; state of the art; tinyml; tpu; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1392
AR Zonzini F, 2023, IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS, DOI
   10.1109/COINS57856.2023.10189195
TI A Tiny Convolutional Neural Network driven by System Identification for
   Vibration Anomaly Detection at the Extreme Edge
AU Zonzini F; Burioli L; Gashi A; Mancini NF; De Marchi L
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS
PY 2023
AB Vibration data analysis is the driving tool for the Structural Health
   Monitoring (SHM) of structures in the dynamic regime, i.e., structures
   showing important oscillatory behaviours, which largely dominate the
   transportation back-bone: from terrestrial/aerial vehicles (e.g., trains,
   aircraft, etc.) to the supporting infrastructures (e.g., bridges, viaducts,
   etc.). Outstanding opportunities have recently been disclosed in the field
   of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) by the advent of sensor-near
   processing functionalities, eventually empowered by Artificial Intelligence
   (AI). The latter allow for the extraction of damage-sensitive features at
   the extreme edge, without the need of transmitting long time series over the
   monitoring network.  In this work, we explore for the first time a novel
   anomaly detection workflow for on-sensor vibration diagnostics, which
   combines the unique advantages of embedded System Identification (eSysId) as
   a data compression strategy with the computational/energy advantages of Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML). Experimental results conducted on a
   representative SHM dataset demonstrate that the proposed pipeline can
   achieve high classification scores (above 90%) for the health assessment of
   the well-known Z24 bridge.  In particular, the minimal inference time (less
   than 44 ms) and power consumption performed while running on three different
   general-purpose microprocessors make it a promising solution for the
   development of the next generation of SHM-oriented ITS.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; convolutional neural network; embedded-system
   identification; intelligent transportation systems; structural health
   monitoring; tiny machine learning
ID classification ( of information ); convolution; convolutional neural
   networks; embedded systems; intelligent systems; intelligent vehicle highway
   systems; machine learning; structural health monitoring; vibration analysis;
   anomaly detection; convolutional neural network; embedded-system
   identification; embedded-system; health monitoring of structure; intelligent
   transportation systems; machine learning; system identification; tiny
   machine learning; vibration data; anomaly detection

---

UT 1457
AR Ancilotto A, 2023, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P677, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops56833.2023.10150292
TI PhiNet-GAN: Bringing real-time face swapping to embedded devices
AU Ancilotto A; Paissan F; Farella E
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2023
AB Recent years have seen an unprecedented development of deep learning-based
   techniques for processing live video from CCTV cameras, causing growing
   privacy concerns.  A possible solution is to ensure that a subject's
   personal information never leaves the device in which it was collected, thus
   implementing a Privacy-by-Design (PbD) approach.  In live video processing
   tasks, PbD can be guaranteed through anonymisation techniques, such as face-
   swapping, performed directly on the end device.  This paper, therefore,
   presents PhiNet-GAN, an extension of the PhiNet family of embedded neural
   networks applied to generative networks.  PhiNet-GAN targets resource-
   constrained platforms based on low-power microcontrollers.  An example is
   the Kendryte K210, a RISC V dual-core processing unit working at 400MHz on
   which we tested our network.  Overall we achieved a power consumption of
   less than 300mW, working at more than 15fps with an FID score lower than
   150.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge ai; faceswap; generative networks; hardware-aware scaling; neural
   networks; tinyml
ID video signal processing; edge ai; face swapping; faceswap; generative
   network; hardware-aware scaling; live video; neural networks; real- time;
   scalings; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 1476
AR Jeya Mala D, 2023, INT CONF SMART TECHNOL SMART NATION SMARTTECHCON, P39,
   DOI 10.1109/SmartTechCon57526.2023.10391372
TI Edge Analytics with TinyML Technique for MIoT Applications for Personalized
   Healthcare in Smart Nation
AU Jeya Mala D; Padmavathy TV; Pradeep Reynold A; Meena M
TC 3
SO INT CONF SMART TECHNOL SMART NATION SMARTTECHCON
PY 2023
AB Analytics on the edge of an IoT device is utilized in a variety of settings
   when immediate decisions are required to be made.  In order to carry out
   cloud-based analytics on data collected from the Internet of Things (IoT),
   the information must first be transmitted from IoT devices and stored in a
   centralized location for further processing which leads to high turnaround
   time in order to make necessary decision making.  However, in applications
   that deal with matters of life and death, such as healthcare, this huge
   turnaround time will not be acceptable.  As a result, it is absolutely
   necessary for analytics to be carried out at the edge in these MIoT
   applications in order to avoid hazards to human lives.  As the resources of
   IoT devices are very limited, it is impossible to store the actual Machine
   Learning algorithms to do the processing.  Hence, TinyML based applications
   are becoming increasingly popular in the edge analytics field as a way to
   alleviate power and resource restrictions.  The purpose of this research
   paper is to shed light on the use of TinyML in MIoT applications for the
   purpose of conducting effective analyses of patient data in order to deliver
   personalized healthcare solutions.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge analytics; healthcare; internet of things ( iot ); machine learning (
   ml ); medical internet of things ( miot ); tinyml
ID data analytics; decision making; healthcare; hospital data processing;
   learning algorithms; machine learning; cloud-based; edge analytic;
   healthcare; internet of thing; machine learning; machine learning; medical
   internet of thing; personalized healthcare; tinyml; turn-around time;
   internet of things

---

UT 991
AR Colombo L, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3639856.3639867
TI TIFeD: a Tiny Integer-based Federated learning algorithm with Direct
   feedback alignment
AU Colombo L; Falcetta A; Roveri M
TC 2
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB Training machine and deep learning models directly on extremely resource-
   constrained devices is the next challenge in the field of tiny machine
   learning.  The related literature in this field is very limited, since most
   of the solutions focus only on on-device inference or model adaptation
   through online learning, leaving the training to be carried out on external
   Cloud services.  An interesting technological perspective is to exploit
   Federated Learning (FL), which allows multiple devices to collaboratively
   train a shared model in a distributed way.  However, the main drawback of
   state-of-the-art FL algorithms is that they are not suitable for running on
   tiny devices.  For the first time in the literature, in this paper we
   introduce TIFeD, a Tiny Integer-based Federated learning algorithm with
   Direct Feedback Alignment (DFA) entirely implemented by using an integer-
   only arithmetic and being specifically designed to operate on devices with
   limited resources in terms of memory, computation and energy.  Besides the
   traditional full-network operating modality, in which each device of the FL
   setting trains the entire neural network on its own local data, we propose
   an innovative single-layer TIFeD implementation, which enables each device
   to train only a portion of the neural network model and opens the door to a
   new way of distributing the learning procedure across multiple devices.  The
   experimental results show the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed
   solution.  The proposed TIFeD algorithm, with its full-network and single-
   layer implementations, is made available to the scientific community as a
   public repository.  © 2023 ACM.
DE deep learning; dfa; federated learning; tiny machine learning
ID deep learning; learning systems; multilayer neural networks; neural network
   models; deep learning; direct feedback alignment; federated learning;
   learning models; machine learning; multiple devices; resource-constrained
   devices; single layer; tiny machine learning; training machines; learning
   algorithms

---

UT 1039
AR Brander C, 2023, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS58821.2023.10254154
TI Improving Data-Scarce Image Classification Through Multimodal Synthetic Data
   Pretraining
AU Brander C; Cioflan C; Niculescu V; Muller H; Polonelli T; Magno M; Benini L
TC 2
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2023
AB Deep Learning algorithms and models greatly benefit from the release of
   large-scale datasets, also including synthetically generated data, when
   real-life data is scarce.  Multimodal datasets feature more descriptive
   environmental information than single-sensor ones, but they are generally
   small and not widely accessible.  In this paper, we construct a
   synthetically-generated image classification dataset consisting of grayscale
   camera images and depth information acquired from an 8×8-pixel Time-of-
   Flight sensor.  We propose and evaluate six Convolutional Neural Network-
   based feature-level fusion models to integrate the multimodal data,
   outperforming the accuracy of the camera-only model by up to 17% in real-
   world settings.  By pretraining the model on synthetically-generated sample
   pairs, followed by fine-tuning it with only 16 real-domain samples, we
   outperform a non-pretrained counterpart by 35% while maintaining the storage
   constraints in the order of hundreds of kB. Our proposed convolutional
   model, pretrained on both synthetic and real-world sensor data, achieves a
   top-1 accuracy of 86.48%, proving the benefits of using multimodal datasets
   to train feature-level data fusion neural networks.  Low-power emerging
   embedded microcontrollers, such as multi-core RISC-V systems-on-chip, are
   perfect candidates for running our model due to their reduced power
   consumption and parallel computing capabilities that speed up inference.  ©
   2023 IEEE.
DE image classification; low power; multi-modal data fusion; sensor fusion;
   synthetic data; time-of flight sensor; tinyml
ID cameras; classification ( of information ); computing power; convolution;
   convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; digital storage;
   embedded systems; image enhancement; large dataset; low power electronics;
   sensor data fusion; system-on-chip; images classification; low power; multi-
   modal; multi-modal dataset; multi-modal data fusion; pre-training; sensor
   fusion; synthetic data; time-of-flight sensor; tinyml; image classification

---

UT 1056
AR Redding A, 2023, NETUS - PROC WORK NETWORKED SENS SYST SUSTAIN SOC, P187,
   DOI 10.1145/3615991.3616404
TI EmbHD: A Library for Hyperdimensional Computing Research on MCU-Class
   Devices
AU Redding A; Yu X/1; Hu S; Pannuto P; Rosing T
TC 2
SO NETUS - PROC WORK NETWORKED SENS SYST SUSTAIN SOC
PY 2023
AB This paper presents EmbHD, a library for embedded Hyperdimensional Computing
   research on severely resource-constrained computing devices.  The increasing
   demand for power-efficient and low-latency machine learning in mobile
   applications has driven the need for offloading computation onto edge
   devices.  The library aims to enable efficient machine learning inference
   and training on resource-constrained microcontrollers by leveraging
   hardware-optimized Hyperdimensional operations.  © 2023 Owner/Author(s).
DE hyperdimensional computing; microcontrollers; tinyml
ID computation offloading; constrained optimization; machine learning;
   computing devices; computing research; hyperdimensional computing; low
   latency; machine learning; mobile applications; offloading computations;
   power efficient; power low; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1104
AR Ahmadifarsani S, 2023, PROC - IEEE/ACM INT WORK COMPIL DEPLOY TOOL EDGE AI
   CODAI, P6, DOI 10.1145/3615338.3618121
TI Towards Rapid Exploration of Heterogeneous TinyML Systems using Virtual
   Platforms and TVM's UMA
AU Ahmadifarsani S; Stahl R; Van Kempen P; Mueller-Gritschneder D; Schlichtmann
   U
TC 2
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM INT WORK COMPIL DEPLOY TOOL EDGE AI CODAI
PY 2023
AB The rapid setup of deep learning compilation toolchains for heterogeneous
   TinyML systems with a processor and dedicated ML accelerator is still at an
   early stage.  Here, achieving the most optimal combination of targets for a
   TinyML application on ultra-low-power edge devices demands additional
   benchmarking solutions to estimate the final performance.Apache TVM's
   Universal Modular Accelerator (UMA) interface as an easy-to-use API is a
   promising speed-up approach to this scope.  In this paper, we integrate a
   simple custom dedicated accelerator into TVM using UMA to offload the
   quantized convolution operators in order to demonstrate such an approach.
   Furthermore, we leverage MLonMCU tool and its capability of virtual
   prototyping to estimate and explore the performance improvement achieved by
   the accelerator.  © 2023 is held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights
   licensed to ACM.
DE tinyml; tvm; uma; virtual prototyping
ID application programming interfaces ( api ); benchmarking; deep learning;
   modulars; optimal combination; performance; simple++; speed up; tinyml; tvm;
   ultra-low power; universal modular accelerator; virtual platform; virtual
   prototyping

---

UT 1110
AR Mutlu E, 2023, INT CONF INTELL METHODS SYST APPL IMSA, P174, DOI
   10.1109/IMSA58542.2023.10217510
TI FISC-Net: Classification of Auscultation Sounds on an Edge Device
AU Mutlu E; Hüseyin V; Serbes G
TC 2
SO INT CONF INTELL METHODS SYST APPL IMSA
PY 2023
AB Auscultation is widely used to detect internal organ specific conditions
   such as the heart, lung, and gastrointestinal diseases.  However, the
   dependence on the experience of the physicians and the non-repeatability of
   the analysis of the received sounds are the significant disadvantages of
   traditional analog auscultation.  Therefore, it is important to record organ
   sounds digitally followed by an automatic analysis of these sounds to
   overcome these limitations.  To achieve a proper analysis of body sounds
   with optimum system settings, it is essential to specify the source organ
   first by using machine learning approaches.  The proposed system differs
   from other body sound analysis pipelines due to the usage of TinyML (Tiny
   Machine Learning) concept for classifying organ sounds.  In this study,
   Raspberry Pi 4 was preferred as the edge device due to its high
   computational capabilities and compatibility with the Python language, which
   makes it easier to perform deep learning algorithms with the TensorFlow
   library.  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) were used to determine the
   source organ of the recorded sounds.  The recorded sounds were imported into
   an embedded system, and classification was made using two different
   approaches.  In the first approach, the frequency and time characteristics
   of the signals were obtained in two-dimensional form by extracting the mel-
   spectrogram representation of the signals.  Afterwards, two-dimensional (2D)
   CNN was applied to these time-frequency images.  In the second approach,
   pre-trained CNN models were applied to the obtained images and their
   findings were used for comparison.  Finally, the accuracy of all CNN models
   for the test set were presented using relevant performance comparison
   metrics.  According to the obtained results, the proposed model architecture
   has achieved almost perfect performance on the classification of organ
   sounds with the least computational cost, which makes it a perfect option
   for edge device applications.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE auscultation; bowel; convolutional neural networks; edge device; heart;
   lung; mel-spectrogram; mobilenet; tiny machine learning
ID biological organs; convolution; deep learning; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; signal processing; spectrographs; auscultation; bowel;
   convolutional neural network; edge device; lung; machine learning; mel-
   spectrogram; mobile nets; spectrograms; tiny machine learning; convolutional
   neural networks

---

UT 1133
AR Schulthess L, 2023, BIOCAS - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS58349.2023.10389124
TI Skilog: A Smart Sensor System for Performance Analysis and Biofeedback in
   Ski Jumping
AU Schulthess L; Ingolfsson TM; Nolke M; Magno M; Benini L; Leitner C
TC 2
SO BIOCAS - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF CONF PROC
PY 2023
AB In ski jumping, low repetition rates of jumps limit the effectiveness of
   training.  Thus, increasing learning rate within every single jump is key to
   success.  A critical element of athlete training is motor learning, which
   has been shown to be accelerated by feedback methods.  In particular, a
   fine-grained control of the center of gravity in the in-run is essential.
   This is because the actual takeoff occurs within a blink of an eye (∼ 300
   ms), thus any unbalanced body posture during the in-run will affect
   flight.This paper presents a smart, compact, and energy-efficient wireless
   sensor system for real-time performance analysis and biofeedback during ski
   jumping.  The system operates by gauging foot pressures at three distinct
   points on the insoles of the ski boot at 100 Hz.  Foot pressure data can
   either be directly sent to coaches to improve their feedback, or fed into a
   Machine Learning (ML) model to give athletes instantaneous in-action
   feedback using a vibration motor in the ski boot.  In the biofeedback
   scenario, foot pressures act as input variables for an optimized XGBoost
   model.  We achieve a high predictive accuracy of 92.7 % for center of mass
   predictions (dorsal shift, neutral stand, ventral shift). Subsequently, we
   parallelized and fine-tuned our XGBoost model for a RISC-V based low power
   parallel processor (GAP9), based on the Parallel Ultra-Low Power (PULP)
   architecture.  We demonstrate real-time detection and feedback (0.0109
   ms/inference) using our on-chip deployment.  The proposed smart system is
   unobtrusive with a slim form factor (13 mm baseboard, 3.2 mm antenna) and a
   lightweight build (26 g). Power consumption analysis reveals that the
   system's energy-efficient design enables sustained operation over multiple
   days (up to 300 hours) without requiring recharge.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE biomechanics; data logger; sensor; sport; tinyml; wearable; wireless
ID analysis; chips; education; energy-consumption; feedback; measurement;
   performance; systems; antennas; energy efficiency; feedback; sports;
   wearable sensors; critical elements; datalogger; foot pressures; learning
   rates; low repetition rate; performances analysis; sensor systems; ski
   jumping; tinyml; wearable; biofeedback

---

UT 1142
AR Vaddeboina M, 2023, PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD, P227, DOI
   10.1109/DSD60849.2023.00041
TI Parallel Golomb-Rice Decoder with 8-bit Unary Decoding for Weight
   Compression in TinyML Applications
AU Vaddeboina M; Kaja E; Yilmayer A; Prebeck S; Ecker W
TC 2
SO PROC - EUROMICRO CONF DIGIT SYST DES DSD
PY 2023
AB Due to the recent advances in AI, the requirement for Artificial
   Intelligence (AI) has increased exponentially in the domain of Internet of
   Things (IoT). Running Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) on edge devices gives the
   advantage of privacy, security, and lower latency.  It is challenging to
   deploy them on embedded devices with constrained hardware resources since a
   lot of compute and memory resources are required.  Memory access contributes
   to the majority of the energy requirements on edge devices.  Although data
   compression plays a critical role in reducing storage and memory bandwidth
   requirements, most of the hardware decoders are inefficient in terms of
   power, area, and throughput.  In this work, a hardware Parallel Golomb-Rice
   decoder is presented that can decode 8-bits of unary encoded data every
   cycle.  The design has been integrated with a Neural Network (NN)
   accelerator and experimented with state-of-the-art benchmark models.
   Lossless compression is performed with an offline Golomb-Rice encoder.  It
   encodes the weights of each layer with an optimum Golomb-Rice parameter.
   Applied to the benchmarks Anomaly Detection, Image Classification and Visual
   Wake Words the memory access during inference is reduced by 26.8%, 6.62% and
   5.54% respectively.  The decoder dissipates 0.4216 mW of power and delivers
   an average throughput of 860 MBps.  The design has been synthesised with 40
   nm technology and compared with state-of-the-art works.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep neural networks; golomb-rice coding; internet of things; parallel
   decoders
ID anomaly detection; decoding; digital storage; internet of things; low power
   electronics; memory architecture; network coding; compute resources;
   embedded device; golomb-rice coding; hardware resources; low latency; memory
   access; memory resources; parallel decoder; rice coding; state of the art;
   deep neural networks

---

UT 1215
AR Singh HM, 2023, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P89, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT58021.2023.00026
TI (POSTER) Insights from Executing TinyML Models on Smartphones and
   Microcontrollers
AU Singh HM; Agashe S; Jain S/1; Ghosh S/1; Challa A; Danda S; Sen S
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2023
AB In this paper, we empirically compare the system-level performances of
   executing a machine learning task on a resource-constrained IoT device and
   compare its performance to offloading the task to a more capable device, a
   smartphone.  Our results indicate that although the resource-constrained
   device cannot run complex machine learning models, they can provide
   reasonable accuracy using similar models that can load on their memory.  For
   running simpler models on the microcontroller, the best case accuracy for
   the machine learning task was 94.32% (SD: 1.7%). Furthermore, local
   computation resulted in almost 50% lesser current draw as compared to the
   offloading.  These observations make a case for adopting an adaptive
   approach to ensure that applications meet the energy-accuracy-latency
   balance.  © 2023 IEEE.
ID computation offloading; machine learning; smartphones; complex machines;
   learning tasks; machine learning models; machine learning; performance;
   reasonable accuracy; resource-constrained devices; similar models; smart
   phones; system-level performance; microcontrollers

---

UT 1229
AR Huang Y, 2023, MOBISYS - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB SYST APPL SERV, P571, DOI
   10.1145/3581791.3597371
TI Poster: Towards Battery-Free Machine Learning Inference and Model
   Personalization on MCUs
AU Huang Y; Haddadi H
TC 2
SO MOBISYS - PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB SYST APPL SERV
PY 2023
AB Machine learning (ML) is moving towards edge devices.  However, ML models
   with high computational demands and energy consumption pose challenges for
   ML inference in resource-constrained environments, such as the deep sea.  To
   address these challenges, we propose a battery-free ML inference and model
   personalization pipeline for microcontroller units (MCUs). As an example, we
   performed fish image recognition in the ocean.  We evaluated and compared
   the accuracy, runtime, power, and energy consumption of the model before and
   after optimization.  The results demonstrate that, our pipeline can achieve
   97.78% accuracy with 483.82 KB Flash, 70.32 KB RAM, 118 ms runtime, 4.83 mW
   power, and 0.57 mJ energy consumption on MCUs, reducing by 64.17%, 12.31%,
   52.42%, 63.74%, and 82.67%, compared to the baseline.  The results indicate
   the feasibility of battery-free ML inference on MCUs.  © 2023
   Owner/Author(s).
DE edge computing; iot; resource-constrained; tinyml
ID computing power; edge computing; electric batteries; energy utilization;
   green computing; image recognition; internet of things; learning systems;
   pipelines; battery-free; edge computing; energy-consumption; iot; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; personalizations; resource-constrained;
   runtimes; tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1250
AR Das M, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA, P90, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLA58977.2023.00021
TI Learning, Tiny and Huge: Heterogeneous Model Augmentation Towards Federated
   Tiny Learning
AU Das M; Bagwe G; Pan M; Yuan X; Zhang L/2
TC 2
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA
PY 2023
AB With the popularity of tiny devices based on microcontroller units, there is
   an urgent need to develop federated tiny learning to privately obtain a
   well-performed tiny model serving tiny devices.  However, due to the limited
   capacity of tiny models, the fundamental difference between training deep
   neural networks and tiny neural networks makes existing federated learning
   designed for deep models ineffective in learning tiny models.  Although
   prior tiny machine learning research successfully augments tiny models with
   enlarged architecture for improved capacity, such augmentation relies on a
   pre-known centralized dataset and thus cannot be used in federated settings.
   To fill this void, in this work, we propose an innovative federated tiny
   learning framework, FedTinyAug, to enable distributed tiny model
   augmentation.  By taking advantage of the extra capability at larger
   participating devices, the server first constructs augmented models and
   distributes them to larger devices, providing auxiliary supervision for
   training the tiny model.  To provide strong supervision, a gradient-based
   augmented model selection algorithm is designed to efficiently determine
   favorable augmented models to fully explore distinct or even heterogeneous
   on-device knowledge.  Extensive experiments are conducted on three popular
   tiny models to validate the effectiveness of FedTinyAug.  Key augmentation
   factors are evaluated to guide the implementation of FedTinyAug in practice.
   © 2023 IEEE.
DE federated learning; tiny machine learning
ID learning systems; centralized; federated learning; heterogeneous modeling;
   learning frameworks; limited capacity; machine learning research; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; neural networks; tiny machine learning; deep
   neural networks

---

UT 1277
AR Savaglio C, 2023, PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS
   DCOSS-IOT, P755, DOI 10.1109/DCOSS-IoT58021.2023.00118
TI Towards Collective Sentiment Analysis in IoT-Enabled Scenarios
AU Savaglio C; Casadei R; Manzoni P; Viroli M; Fortino G
TC 2
SO PROC - INT CONF DISTRIB COMPUT SMART SYST INTERNET THINGS DCOSS-IOT
PY 2023
AB An interesting and innovative activity in Collective Intelligence systems is
   Sentiment Analysis (SA) which, starting from users' feedback, aims to
   identify their opinion about a specific subject, for example in order to
   develop/improve/customize products and services.  The feedback gathering,
   however, is complex, time-consuming, and often invasive, possibly resulting
   in decreased truthfulness and reliability for its outcome.  Moreover, the
   subsequent feedback processing may suffer from scalability, cost, and
   privacy issues when the sample size is large or the data to be processed is
   sensitive.  Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Intelligence (EI) can greatly
   help in both aspects by providing, respectively, a pervasive and transparent
   way to collect a huge amount of heterogeneous data from users (e.g., audio,
   images, video, etc.) and an efficient, low-cost, and privacy-preserving
   solution to locally analyze them without resorting to Cloud computing-based
   platforms.  Therefore, in this paper we outline an innovative collective SA
   system which leverages on IoT and EI (specifically, TinyML techniques and
   the EdgeImpulse platform) to gather and immediately process audio in the
   proximity of entities-of-interest in order to determine whether audience'
   opinions are positive, negative, or neutral.  The architecture of the
   proposed system, exemplified in a museum use case, is presented, and a
   preliminary, yet very promising, implementation is shown, reveling
   interesting insights towards its full development.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE collective intelligence; edge intelligence; internet of things; sentiment
   analysis; tinyml
ID internet of things; privacy-preserving techniques; collective intelligences;
   edge intelligence; innovative activities; intelligence systems; privacy
   issue; product and services; scalability issue; sentiment analysis; tinyml;
   user feedback; sentiment analysis

---

UT 1335
AR Gulo MM, 2023, IES - INT ELECTRON SYMP UNLOCKING POTENTIAL IMMERSIVE TECHNOL
   LIVE LIFE PROCEEDING, P204, DOI 10.1109/IES59143.2023.10242459
TI Implementation of Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) as Pre-distorter for High
   Power Amplifier (HPA)Linearization of SDR-based MIMO-OFDM
AU Gulo MM; Astawa IGP; Sudarsono A; Priambodo NA; Gunawan MW
TC 2
SO IES - INT ELECTRON SYMP UNLOCKING POTENTIAL IMMERSIVE TECHNOL LIVE LIFE
   PROCEEDING
PY 2023
AB This paper implements a new pre-distorter (PD) scheme using Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) to compensate for the non-linear High-Power Amplifier
   (HPA) in the Software Defined Radio (SDR)-based Multiple-Input Multiple-
   Output Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (MIMO-OFDM). TinyML is
   used because there are weaknesses in the PD neural network (NN), which has a
   large model size and high computational costs.  Some research uses PDNN
   because it has flexible advantages and can provide the inverse
   characteristics of sophisticated PA modelling.  Using PDNN in the SDR-based
   MIMO-OFDM will cause system degradation because the SDR device has low
   computational memory.  The system degraded because the execution time of the
   transmitter was high, which affected the latency of the communication
   system.  TinyML will reduce the complexity of the NN model, resulting in a
   smaller model size and a lower computational cost.  The implementation of PD
   TinyML in SDR-based MIMO-OFDM can improve the execution time by 40% compared
   to the use of PDNN. Even though it has a lower execution time, TinyML can
   compensate for HPA and perform similarly to PDNN. The maximum SNR value of
   PD TinyML is only 2.07 dB, lower than the maximum SNR value of PDNN. In
   addition, the BER graph of PDTinyML's SNR to achieve a minimum BER is 1.37
   dB higher than PDNN. From this, the performance decrease in PDTinyML is not
   too significant.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE mimo; neural networks; ofdm; predistortion; sdr; tinyml
ID gain control; machine learning; mimo systems; power amplifiers; software
   radio; computational costs; highpower amplifier ( hpa ); machine learning;
   model size; multiple-input multiple-output orthogonal frequency division
   multiplexing; neural networks; predistorters; predistortions; software-
   defined radios; tiny machine learning; orthogonal frequency division
   multiplexing

---

UT 1400
AR Hossain M, 2023, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2023-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS46773.2023.10181529
TI Energy-/Area-Efficient Spintronic ANN-based Digit Recognition via
   Progressive Modular Redundancy
AU Hossain M; Tatulian A; Thummala HR; Demara RF; Salehi S
TC 2
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2023
AB Neural networks offer viable alternatives for energy versus accuracy
   tradeoffs, in particular with regards to the precision of the computational
   circuit.  This paper explores use of progressive modular redundancy of
   intrinsically low energy, low precision circuits as an alternative to more
   complex networks yielding higher accuracy directly.  Results indicate that a
   lower footprint temporal modular redundancy, which is applied progressively
   as needed, can have lower footprint and reduced energy consumption at
   comparable or slightly reduced accuracy as more complex neural networks.
   This provides an alternative to binarization and other model compression
   options for intelligence at the edge of the network.  Our Progressive
   Modular Redundancy approach using varied activations implemented using a
   784×100×10 network shows a 3% improvement in accuracy compared to the
   baseline case of 784×500×500×10 network with sigmoidal activation, at 86.1%
   and 87% reduction in power and weighted crossbar normalized area overhead,
   respectively, 87.5% reduction in power error product (PEP) at the cost of
   2.6x increased throughput latency.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; edge devices; hardware implementation; mram;
   redundancy; tinyml
ID chemical activation; complex networks; energy utilization; low power
   electronics; neural networks; % reductions; area-efficient; digit
   recognition; edge device; energy; hardware implementations; modular
   redundancy; mram; neural networks; tinyml; redundancy

---

UT 1439
AR Oppus CM, 2023, INT CONF ELECTRON COMPUT ARTIF INTELL ECAI - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ECAI58194.2023.10194042
TI A Digital Twin Approach of A-vent Wireless Sensor for Real-Time and
   Predictive Monitoring of Patient Ventilator Asynchrony
AU Oppus CM; Santiago PRA; Torres JBM; Mercado NAM; Cabacungan PM; Cao RP;
   Cabacungan NG; Tangonan GL
TC 2
SO INT CONF ELECTRON COMPUT ARTIF INTELL ECAI - PROC
PY 2023
AB Prior to the recent work on a low-cost Ateneo mechanical ventilator machine
   named A-vent, this study demonstrated a simple Digital Twin approach for a
   real-time monitoring system that can be useful to any mechanical ventilator
   unit.  Previous research concentrated on A-vent design, Near Cloud data
   caching, and Machine Learning model development.  However, it lacks Internet
   of Things capabilities for remote monitoring applications.  This work
   incorporates new software components to a Near Cloud server that stores and
   monitors the ventilator and patient data across the wireless network.
   Wireless sensor nodes attached to the A-vent and patient interaction model
   capture the time-series waveform of the ventilator, its predictive analysis,
   and oximeter values.  The data queries command displays the data stored in
   the Near Cloud databases on the monitoring dashboard.  It shows a digital
   representation of the system, allowing real-time updates to be viewed
   remotely and easily comprehended.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE biomedical sensor; digital twin; healthcare; internet of medical things;
   tinyml
ID biosensors; patient monitoring; sensor nodes; time series analysis; wearable
   sensors; asynchrony; biomedical sensors; healthcare; internet of medical
   thing; low-costs; mechanical; predictive monitoring; real-time monitoring;
   tinyml; wireless sensor; hospital data processing

---

UT 1474
AR Huynh NS, 2023, PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA, P1741, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLA58977.2023.00264
TI Denial-of Service (DoS) Attack Detection Using Edge Machine Learning
AU Huynh NS; De La Cruz S; Perez-Pons A
TC 2
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA
PY 2023
AB Developing lightweight algorithms to implement DoS attack mitigation on edge
   devices is a growing interest in edge cybersecurity.  Various types of
   micro-controller boards can be programmed to capture network traffic and
   implement lightweight machine learning models to analyze the supplied
   traffic data for signs of intrusion and attacks.  This study experimented
   with building Support Vector Machine and Logistic Regression models on real-
   time DoS attack scenario data and the CICIoT2023 dataset.  The main
   contribution of this study is to propose a framework for data capturing,
   processing, and analysis to produce edge machine learning models for DoS
   attack mitigation © 2023 IEEE.
DE denial-of-service; dos; machine learning; microcontroller; tinyml
ID big data; cybersecurity; learning systems; logistic regression; support
   vector machines; traffic signs; attack detection; cyber security; denial-of-
   service; denialof- service attacks; machine learning models; machine
   learning; microcontroller; network traffic; tinyml; denial-of-service attack

---

UT 571
AR Santhosham KP, 2023, BLOCKCHAIN SECUR BIG DATA COMP SMART CITIES INT THINGS,
   P215
TI Blockchain and TinyML for low powered IoT devices in smart city
   applications: Current trends and future prospects
AU Santhosham KP; Nallathambi BG; Kasirajan PK
TC 1
SO BLOCKCHAIN SECUR BIG DATA COMP SMART CITIES INT THINGS
PY 2023
AB By 2024, Smart cities sectors will reach nearly 54 million low powered IoT
   (Internet of Things) connections, as stated in statistical reporting.  The
   primary motive of encapsulating Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) into IoT
   framework is to achieve effective bandwidth utilization, ensure data
   security and privacy, low latency and minimal cost.  Moreover, the
   integration of blockchain and tinyML is expected to enhance the capabilities
   of smart city applications by enabling secure and efficient data processing
   and analysis on low-powered devices.  This will help to optimize resource
   usage and reduce energy consumption, leading to more sustainable and
   environmentally friendly smart cities.  This study introduces the
   definitions and background information of Low powered IoT devices, TinyML
   and Blockchain technology.  It also exhibits how TinyML and Blockchain
   technology can be implemented in smart city applications containing low
   powered IoT components.  Moreover, it discusses the current trends,
   challenges, and prospects of sustainable smart city development.  This study
   will impart valuable knowledge to the research community for future research
   direction in the area of TinyML and Blockchain in various IoT enabled smart
   city applications.  © 2024 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights
   reserved.
DE blockchain; internet of things; smart city; tinyml
ID blockchain; data handling; energy utilization; smart city; urban growth;
   current; bandwidth utilization; blockchain; data security and privacy;
   effective bandwidth; future prospects; low latency; machine learning;
   statistical reporting; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 741
AR Durgam LK, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P10, DOI 10.1145/3638985.3638987
TI Real-Time Dress Code Detection using MobileNetV2 Transfer Learning on NVIDIA
   Jetson Nano
AU Durgam LK; Jatoth RK
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB The proposed research intends to develop a model for automatically
   identifying the dress code in companies and educational institutions where
   appropriate apparel needs to be frequently maintained.  The concept focuses
   particularly on the dress code for school children.  Convolutional Neural
   Networks (CNN), MobileNetV2, and an object detection algorithm with a high
   level of accuracy are examples of deep learning models.  In comparison to
   manual checks, using an automated system for dress code detection has
   various advantages.  It reduces the number of mistakes and faults that could
   happen during manual inspections while also saving time.  Organizations and
   institutions can make sure that their staff constantly complies with the
   dress code rules thanks to the automated system.  The Dress code detection
   model is designed, trained, and implemented using the Edge impulse API. The
   proposed Transfer learning MobileNetV2 and CNN TINY ML models were
   implemented on an NVIDIA Jetson Nano edge device for real-Time Dress code
   classification.  F1 Score, precision, recall, latency, and storage space are
   common evaluation metrics for object detection models.  The goal of this
   project is to create a model for automatically identifying dress rules in
   businesses and educational institutions that must maintain suitable attire
   on a regular basis.  The proposed model offers a practical approach to
   tracking workplace and educational dress code observance.  A disciplined
   environment is created and the professionalism of the individuals inside the
   organization is reflected by the accuracy of the MobilenetV2 and CNN models
   in detecting business formal clothes.  The Proposed transfer learning
   MobileNetV2 model performs better results compared to all other CNN models
   in accurately detecting business and school children's formal attire.  ©
   2023 ACM.
DE cnn; dress code detection; edge impulse; jetson nano; tinyml; transfer
   learning
ID automation; deep learning; neural network models; object detection; object
   recognition; transfer learning; automated systems; code detection;
   convolutional neural network; dress code detection; edge impulse;
   educational institutions; jetson nano; real- time; tinyml; transfer
   learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1003
AR Manzoni P, 2023, WIREL NETW, VPart F1100, P359, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-32397-3_14
TI Crowdsourcing Through TinyML as a Way to Engage End-Users in IoT Solutions
AU Manzoni P; Zennaro M; Ahlgren F; Olsson T; Prandi C
TC 1
SO WIREL NETW
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a new field aimed at miniaturizing machine
   learning algorithms to the point that app developers can integrate them into
   IoT devices.  Since TinyML delivers AI capabilities to embedded devices, it
   is also known as edge AI or embedded AI. TinyML allows bringing AI to
   devices like smartphones, tablets et al., too.  Since these mobile devices
   have currently surpassed desktop computers as the primary computing device
   for most users, it allows the possibility to engage even more end-users in
   crowdsourcing data for the IoT world.  In this chapter, we will review the
   current status of TinyML by illustrating its underlying technologies and
   methodologies and showing some relevant examples where this new area is
   being used to provide novel applications, thanks to crowdsourcing as a way
   to engage the final user.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE crowdsourcing; iot; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1044
AR Wong DPY, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3615834.3615843
TI TongueMendous: IR-Based Tongue-Gesture Interface with Tiny Machine Learning
AU Wong DPY; Chou PH
TC 1
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB This paper presents TongueMendous, an non-intrusive, pervasive tongue-
   gesture recognition interface for the general population and use cases.  It
   uses an infrared sensor to detect tongue gestures when the tongue sticks in
   different directions.  The collected data is recognized by a tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) model, allowing TongueMendous to classify tongue gestures
   on a microcontroller.  Evaluations on the initial prototype reported a 91.7%
   cross-validation accuracy and 89.4% leave-one-person-out accuracy.  We also
   conduct a study to explore the user experience and future design space.
   These results suggest that the proposed system can be accurate and work well
   across different users.  © 2023 ACM.
DE tinyml; tongue-gesture interface; ubiquitous computing
ID gesture recognition; infrared detectors; machine learning; user interfaces;
   general population; gesture interfaces; gestures recognition; infrared
   sensor; infrared sensor; machine learning models; machine learning; non-
   intrusive; tiny machine learning; tongue-gesture interface; ubiquitous
   computing

---

UT 1046
AR Chen JI-Z, 2023, SENS MATER, V35, P4597, DOI 10.18494/SAM4545
TI Development of Fault Detector with Acoustic Emission Discrimination for
   Mechanical Motors
AU Chen JI-Z; Lo W-C
TC 1
SO SENS MATER
PY 2023
AB The autonomous fault diagnosis of mechanical systems is crucial to
   addressing smart manufacturing product issues.  In this article, we propose
   intelligent diagnosis and prediction technologies based on acoustic emission
   (AE) for mechanical motors.  The integration of practical technologies, such
   as acoustic analysis, artificial intelligence (AI), edge computing (EC),
   electromagnetics, communication, and other theory-based subjects, is
   convenient for achieving flexible changes made in response to the edge
   operation trend.  The proposed model, developed using acoustic information
   links with machine learning (ML) platforms to collect acoustic information
   via feature extraction (FE), is novel in that it can detect system health
   and prevent system failures.  It can inspire innovative design concepts once
   the above model is combined with the EC migration module.  In addition, in
   this paper, we discuss the embedded system in smart manufacturing
   applications, including AE, to establish an ML framework that is trained
   using audio emission data.  The valuable results from the proposed algorithm
   experiments show that the audio judgment accuracy rate can be above 90%. At
   the current stage, the metric accuracy and precision of mechanical motor
   discrimination can reach 93.5% and 0.97, respectively.  In this paper, we
   present an analytical method for performing motor axis misalignment judgment
   based on tiny machine learning (TinyML) techniques, which will enable the
   IoT field to move toward smart energy savings.  © MYU K.K.
DE acoustic emission ( ae ); aiot; edge computing ( ec ); feature extraction;
   tiny machine learning ( tinyml )
ID computation theory; edge computing; energy conservation; extraction; fault
   detection; flow control; acoustic emission; acoustic-emissions; aiot; edge
   computing; features extraction; machine learning; mechanical; smart
   manufacturing; tiny machine learning; feature extraction

---

UT 1053
AR Ong JDS, 2023, INT CONF BUS IND RES ICBIR - PROC, P694, DOI
   10.1109/ICBIR57571.2023.10147441
TI Comparison of Cloud Computing and TinyML Methods for Brain-Computer
   Interface in Motor Imagery Problems
AU Ong JDS; Billones RKC; Concepcion R II; Bugtai NT
TC 1
SO INT CONF BUS IND RES ICBIR - PROC
PY 2023
AB In the modern day, several different innovations have been created with the
   sole purpose of improving existing models, products, and systems.  One such
   innovation would be the improvement of brain-computer interfaces (BCI). BCIs
   tend to require high processing capabilities for the accurate gathering,
   processing, and classification of different biosignals such as the
   electroencephalography (EEG) signals.  As such, cloud computing and TinyML
   methods are suggested as a means to solve this issue.  In this study, the
   two methods are compared by simulating two cases, one for cloud computing
   and another for TinyML implementations.  The latencies in which these two
   implementations can provide a classification for a data point is used as the
   main metric for comparison.  It was observed that TinyML implementations had
   significantly lower latencies at an average of 0.0009 s, while cloud
   computing implementation had significantly higher latencies at an average of
   1.5459 s.  This difference can be attributed to the fact that cloud
   computing systems are reliant on connectivity between the local machine and
   the cloud computing services while TinyML implementations do not have the
   same restrictions and are instead capable of providing a classification as
   soon as it receives a data point.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE brain computer interface; cloud computing; edge computing;
   electroencephalography; tinyml
ID brain computer interface; edge computing; electrophysiology; biosignals;
   cloud computing; computing system; datapoints; edge computing; low latency;
   modeling systems; motor imagery; processing capability; tinyml;
   electroencephalography

---

UT 1077
AR Li Y/11, 2023, ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC,
   V2023-June, DOI 10.1109/ICASSP49357.2023.10094746
TI TinyOOD: Effective out-of-Distribution Detection for TinyML
AU Li Y/11; Jia J; Zuo Y; Zhu W
TC 1
SO ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2023
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) has emerged recently for resource constrained
   Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  However, the deployed TinyML model cannot
   handle outof-distribution (OOD) inputs appropriately.  While many high-
   accuracy OOD detection methods have emerged, they often ignore the
   limitations of the deployment environment.  In this paper, we propose a
   novel effective out-of-distribution detection method for TinyML (TinyOOD),
   which exploits cascading early exit and channel-attention-based neural mean
   discrepancy (CA-NMD) for dynamic and efficient OOD detection on
   microcontroller units (MCUs). To demonstrate its effectiveness, we
   extensively evaluate TinyOOD using four public datasets, one as the in-
   distribution (ID) dataset and the others as the OOD datasets.  Experiments
   demonstrate that TinyOOD significantly reduces the computations by up to
   38.23% in inference while maintaining the performance of OOD detection.  ©
   2023 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; early-exit; image classification; out-of-
   distribution detection; tiny machine learning
ID convolutional neural networks; internet of things; machine learning;
   convolutional neural network; detection methods; early-exit; high-accuracy;
   images classification; machine learning models; machine learning;
   microcontroller unit; out-of-distribution detection; tiny machine learning;
   image classification

---

UT 1079
AR Krishna A, 2023, BIOCAS - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/BioCAS58349.2023.10389094
TI A Sparsity-driven tinyML Accelerator for Decoding Hand Kinematics in Brain-
   Computer Interfaces
AU Krishna A; Ramanathan V; Yadav SS; Shah S/1; Van Schaik A; Mehendale M;
   Thakur CS/1
TC 1
SO BIOCAS - IEEE BIOMED CIRCUITS SYST CONF CONF PROC
PY 2023
AB Despite advances in understanding the mechanisms of movement disorders,
   controlling voluntary movements remains challenging, with limited treatment
   options.  However, the integration of machine learning (ML) accelerators
   into the braincomputer interface (BCI) pipeline offers promising solutions
   by harnessing the capabilities of ML algorithms to decode intended motor
   actions accurately.  While there have been numerous efforts to classify
   intended hand movements into discrete classes, the challenging problem of
   decoding continuous hand kinematics has seen limited research efforts.  Our
   work focuses on tackling this challenge using RAMAN, an energy-efficient
   tinyML accelerator.  We demonstrate the successful decoding of macaque hand
   kinematics from the MC_Maze dataset on the Efinix Ti60 FPGA with RAMAN
   architecture.  Our approach achieves an R2-score of 0.91 across 108
   different maze configurations with a significantly low memory footprint of
   230 KB, a latency of 86.7 ms while consuming 52.23 mW of power at a 5 MHz
   clock rate and 5.78 ms latency with the peak power efficiency of 102.34
   GOp/s/W at 75 MHz and 75% pruning.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bci; energy efficient; fpga; hand kinematics; raman; regression; sparsity;
   tinyml accelerator
ID brain computer interface; decoding; energy efficiency; kinematics; machine
   learning; brain computer interface; energy efficient; hand kinematics;
   machine learning; movement disorders; raman; regression; sparsity; tinyml
   accelerator; voluntary movement; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga )

---

UT 1083
AR Pau D, 2023, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON, V2023-January, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE56470.2023.10043558
TI End to End Optimized Tiny Learning for Repositionable Walls in Maze
   Topologies
AU Pau D; Colella S; Marchisio C
TC 1
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB In the context of Tiny Machine Learning, the adoption of Deep Reinforcement
   Learning has been severely prevented due to the computationally expensive
   demand of such method.  This work proposes the application of a Deep
   Reinforcement Learning algorithm used to train a tiny Convolutional Neural
   Network such that can be deployed on a cheap, off-the-shelf Microcontroller
   Unit (MCU) aimed to solve a physical, electrically actuated tilting maze
   with repositionable walls.  The method proposed to train the agent take
   advantage the lost games to avoid overfitting on certain trajectories.  The
   adopted neural network has been quantized to 8-bits to fit into the MCU
   embedded memory, comparing the performances against the non-quantized
   networks and the variable number of repositionable walls.  The trained
   policy networks achieved encouraging results, with win rates between 87% and
   99% depending on the difficulty of the task and the model size of the
   network, with low inference times of about 10 ms.  This result, in
   principle, enables an End-to-End Learning approach able to autonomously
   sense from the external world, and then compute and execute the actions to
   solve the physical maze prototype with variable numbers of repositionable
   walls across games.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE deep q-network; deep reinforcement learning; maze; microcontroller unit;
   tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; deep learning; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; microcontrollers; deep q-network; deep reinforcement learning; end
   to end; machine learning; maze; microcontroller unit; reinforcement learning
   algorithms; reinforcement learnings; tinyml; variable number; reinforcement
   learning

---

UT 1094
AR Németh DI, 2023, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1843 CCIS, P68, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-37470-8_4
TI Fast Electrical Load Classification Using a Dimmer-Based Smart Plug
AU Németh DI; Tornai K
TC 1
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2023
AB As renewable energy resources become a significant source of electricity
   production, the stable operation of the electrical grid becomes increasingly
   difficult.  Demand-side control of the electrical grid load solves this
   problem and enables better utilization of renewable energy such as wind or
   solar power.  Adjusting the grid load to meet the renewable production
   levels requires knowledge about the composition of the grid load as well as
   the ability to schedule individual loads.  We propose a Smart Plug solution
   capable of accurately classifying the connected electrical load as well as
   running the Neural Network-based classification on the Smart Plug.  The
   Smart Plug is WiFi-capable allowing wireless measurements as well as remote
   control of the connected electrical load.  We took measurements with the
   Smart Plug prototype of common household electrical loads and achieved very
   high accuracy.  This accuracy rate can be achieved with on-device
   measurement and on-device NN inference in less than 2.5 s.  Multiple NN-
   based classification methods and measurements of different amounts of data
   were examined (measurement profiles). © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE edge computing; electrical load classification; machine learning; smart
   grid; smart homes; smart plugs; tinyml
ID automation; electric loads; intelligent buildings; machine learning; remote
   control; smart power grids; solar energy; wi-fi; edge computing; electrical
   grids; electrical load; electrical load classification; load classification;
   machine learning; smart grid; smart homes; smart plugs; tinyml; edge
   computing

---

UT 1114
AR Branco S, 2023, COMPUT, V12, DOI 10.3390/computers12060110
TI Persistence Landscapes—Implementing a Dataset Verification Method in
   Resource-Scarce Embedded Systems
AU Branco S; Dogruluk E; Carvalho JG; Reis MS; Cabral J
TC 1
SO COMPUT
PY 2023
AB As more and more devices are being deployed across networks to gather data
   and use them to perform intelligent tasks, it is vital to have a tool to
   perform real-time data analysis.  Data are the backbone of Machine Learning
   models, the core of intelligent systems.  Therefore, verifying whether the
   data being gathered are similar to those used for model building is
   essential.  One fantastic tool for the performance of data analysis is the
   0-Dimensional Persistent Diagrams, which can be computed in a Resource-
   Scarce Embedded System (RSES), a set of memory and processing-constrained
   devices that are used in many IoT applications because they are cost-
   effective and reliable.  However, it is challenging to compare Persistent
   Diagrams, and Persistent Landscapes are used because they allow Persistent
   Diagrams to be passed to a space where the mean concept is well-defined.
   The following work shows how one can perform a Persistent Landscape analysis
   in an RSES. It also shows that the distance between two Persistent
   Landscapes makes it possible to verify whether two devices collect the same
   data.  The main contribution of this work is the implementation of
   Persistent Landscape analysis in an RSES, which is not provided in the
   literature.  Moreover, it shows that devices can now verify, in real-time,
   whether they can trust the data being collected to perform the intelligent
   task they were designed to, which is essential in any system to avoid bugs
   or errors.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE embedded intelligence; intelligent resource-scarce embedded systems;
   persistent landscapes; tinyml; topological data analysis

---

UT 1132
AR Vilchis G, 2023, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V354 SIST, P251, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-99-3068-5_23
TI Designing a BCI Platform with Embedded ANN as an Aid for Autism Spectrum
   Disorder (ASD) Diagnosis: A Preliminary Study
AU Vilchis G; Baltazar R; Alanis A; Francisco-Mosiño J; Casillas-Araiza MA
TC 1
SO SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB This paper presents a technical approach to the design of a cost-effective
   BCI platform from the hardware construction based on commercial components
   to the firmware.  This device may include drivers for signal acquisition,
   preprocessing, artifact removal, band separation, feature extraction, and
   classification via compressed ANN with the TensorFlowLite framework.  It
   consists of an STM32-based EEG platform built-oriented as a tool for BCI
   experiments in the constraints of education and research fields, capable of
   sending data to PC or mobile devices via a wireless connection, allowing
   external processing capabilities alongside the main feature of embedded
   signal classification (TinyML) focused on early detection by discriminating
   children with ASD from non-ASD ones.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE autism spectrum disorder; brain computer interface ( bci ); eeg; embedded-
   system; machine learning; open source; tinyml
ID brain computer interface; classification ( of information ); cost
   effectiveness; diseases; embedded systems; feature extraction; open systems;
   signal processing; autism spectrum disorders; brain computer interface;
   commercial components; cost effective; embedded-system; hardware
   construction; interface platforms; machine learning; open source; tinyml;
   firmware

---

UT 1145
AR Hong KY-W, 2023, IEEE ACCESS, V11, P14728, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2023.3244577
TI Experimental Assessment of a Tiny AI-Empowered Output Filter Parameter
   Extraction Framework for Digital Power
AU Hong KY-W; Chung HS-H; Xiang Y; Lo AW-L
TC 1
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2023
AB An experimental assessment of a 'plug-and-play' tiny artificial-
   intelligence-empowered output filter parameter extraction framework for
   digital power is presented.  The framework can be incorporated into an
   existing digital controller to perform online parameter extraction without
   adding extra sensors or modifying the power conversion stage.  The idea is
   based on firstly transferring the control from the default control law to
   the framework, which consists of a predefined control law to perform output
   regulation for a few switching cycles, then introducing a small-signal
   perturbation into the control signal, and finally utilizing a long short-
   term memory (LSTM) network to recognize the dynamic response of the control
   signal to perform either regression or classification of filter parameters.
   The LSTM network is trained with a reconfigurable output filter.  The
   proposed framework has been successfully evaluated on a 240W, 100V/48V buck
   DC/DC converter prototype.  The framework's performance is studied by
   extracting the parameters of a second-order output filter and a fourth-order
   output filter.  For the second-order output filter, the root-mean-square
   errors (RMSEs) in performing the filter inductor and capacitor regressions
   are 2.35% and 2.25%, respectively, and the F1-scores in classifying the
   inductance and capacitance are 0.805 and 0.815, respectively.  The framework
   occupies 0.93% of the memory space of the controller with 512kB flash
   memories.  The extraction time is 17.3ms.  For the fourth-order filter, the
   maximum RMSEs in performing the regression of the filter inductors and
   capacitors are 2.04% and 6.49%, respectively.  The framework occupies 3.62%
   of the memory space and the extraction time is 328ms.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; control; diagnosis; digital power; neural network;
   power converters; system identification
ID artificial intelligence; control theory; controllers; dc-dc converters;
   flash memory; mean square error; regression analysis; control laws; control
   signal; digital power; experimental assessment; filter parameter; neural
   networks; output filters; parameters extraction; power; system
   identification; extraction

---

UT 1154
AR Keerthana NL, 2023, INT CONF ADV COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICACCS, P1035, DOI
   10.1109/ICACCS57279.2023.10112834
TI Developing an Automatic Evaluation of Exertion Using a Smart Phone
AU Keerthana NL; Sakthi Abirami B
TC 1
SO INT CONF ADV COMPUT COMMUN SYST ICACCS
PY 2023
AB Human activity recognition (HAR) is an important task in the field of
   wearable technology and the Internet of Things (IoT). This abstract presents
   a study on using Edge Impulse and an accelerometer sensor to recognize human
   activities using an auto-encoder (EON) tuner.  The accelerometer sensor data
   is collected from a wearable device worn on the wrist.  The data is then
   preprocessed and used to train an EON tuner model for recognizing different
   activities such as sitting, running, and walking.  The results of the study
   show that the EON tuner model can achieve high accuracy in recognizing
   different human activities.  The use of Edge Impulse and the accelerometer
   sensor in combination with the EON tuner provides a simple and efficient
   method for recognizing human activities in real-world scenarios.  This
   research highlights the potential of using Edge Impulse and EON tuner for
   developing low-cost and low-power human activity recognition systems for IoT
   applications.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge impulse; eon tuner; neural networks; spectral analysis; tinyml
ID accelerometers; internet of things; pattern recognition; smartphones;
   wearable sensors; accelerometer sensor; auto encoders; automatic evaluation;
   edge impulse; eon tuner; human activities; human activity recognition;
   neural networks; smart phones; tinyml; spectrum analysis

---

UT 1179
AR Reddy ANN, 2023, IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL ENG MANAG SOC IMPACT MARK ENTREP
   TALENT TEMSMET, DOI 10.1109/TEMSMET56707.2023.10150012
TI An autonomous robot for removing Underwater pollution : OCTACLEANER
AU Reddy ANN; Pavani D; Rakshitha BS; Saw N
TC 1
SO IEEE INT CONF TECHNOL ENG MANAG SOC IMPACT MARK ENTREP TALENT TEMSMET
PY 2023
AB In the contemporary world, in which all life forms, counting with aquatic
   life, are stricken by global warming, there are various answers for numerous
   kinds of problems, however there's very moderate interest paid to the waste
   that is amassing underwater.  The waste that we dump into bodies of water
   does not simply float, but settles under water after a period of time.  To
   resolve this, we proposed a solution in the form of an octopus-like robot
   named OCTACLEANER. This robot would help in the removal of trash accumulated
   beneath, with the added benefit of removing muck.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE acoustic signals; autonomous; biomimicry; pollution; robot; tinyml;
   underwater
ID autonomous underwater vehicles; biomimetics; underwater acoustics; acoustic
   signals; aquatic life; autonomous; biomimicry; life-forms; tinyml; under
   water; underwater; global warming

---

UT 1182
AR Lê MT, 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V14258 LNCS, P435, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-44192-9_35
TI Regularization for Hybrid N-Bit Weight Quantization of Neural Networks
   on Ultra-Low Power Microcontrollers
AU Lê MT; de Foras E; Arbel J
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2023
AB We propose a novel regularization method for hybrid quantization of neural
   networks, enabling efficient deployment on ultra-low power microcontrollers
   in embedded systems.  Our approach introduces alternative regularization
   functions and a uniform hybrid quantization scheme targeting {2, 4, 8}-bits.
   The method offers flexibility to the weight matrix level, negligible costs,
   and seamless integration into existing 8-bit post-training quantization
   pipelines.  Additionally, we propose novel schedule functions for
   regularization, addressing the critical yet often overlooked timing aspect
   and providing new insights into pacing quantization.  Our method achieves a
   substantial reduction in model byte size, nearly halving it with less than
   1% accuracy loss, effectively minimizing power and memory footprints on
   microcontrollers.  Our contributions advance resource-efficient models in
   resource-constrained devices and the emerging field of tinyML, overcoming
   limitations of existing approaches and providing new perspectives on the
   quantization process.  The practical implications of our work span diverse
   real-world applications, including IoT, wearables, and autonomous systems.
   © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG.
DE deep learning; microcontrollers; quantization; regularization; sensors;
   tinyml
ID controllers; deep learning; embedded systems; low power electronics; bit
   weight; deep learning; embedded-system; low power microcontrollers; neural
   networks; quantization; regularization; regularization methods; tinyml;
   ultra-low power; microcontrollers

---

UT 1235
AR Lane A, 2023, IEEE ISL SYST APPL TECHNOL CONF LISAT, DOI
   10.1109/LISAT58403.2023.10179592
TI Towards ARSPI-Net: Development of an efficient hybrid deep learning
   framework
AU Lane A; Tang W; Nelson B
TC 1
SO IEEE ISL SYST APPL TECHNOL CONF LISAT
PY 2023
AB In this paper, we implement and experiment with a portion of our overall
   hybrid deep learning framework, An Affective hYbrid SPIking Neural Network
   [ARSPI-NET]. In order to motivate and show the usage of liquid state
   machines as an efficient, feature extraction framework we perform
   experiments on connection architecture as well as neuron model and their
   effect on overall classification performance.  We perform our initial
   experimentation on the MNIST dataset and achieve a 87% classification using
   a liquid state machine and logistic regression classifier.  Our results
   suggest that our framework can compare with current models in terms of
   accuracy, however, we outperform traditional deep learning methods in terms
   of energy consumption and the potential to move to energy-efficient
   neuromorphic platforms.  In addition, our framework has the advantage of
   being more interpretable, as it allows us to model the spatiotemporal
   dynamics of signals through the usage of a liquid reservoir and an
   interpretable readout vector.  This paper sets precedence for future
   experimentation and development of ARSPI-Net as a hybrid deep learning
   framework.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE affective computing; deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency neural
   networks; neuomorphic; recurrent neural networks; spiking neural networks;
   tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); edge computing; energy utilization; green
   computing; learning systems; recurrent neural networks; affective computing;
   deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency neural network; learning
   frameworks; neuomorphic; neural networks; spiking neural network; tinyml;
   energy efficiency

---

UT 1240
AR Sun Q, 2023, INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN ICCE-TAIWAN - PROC, P179, DOI
   10.1109/ICCE-Taiwan58799.2023.10227007
TI Energy Aware Collaborative Machine Learning on Energy-Harvesting Devices
AU Sun Q; Tu C-H
TC 1
SO INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON - TAIWAN ICCE-TAIWAN - PROC
PY 2023
AB Performing machine learning tasks on low end devices enables the development
   of various smart applications.  Especially, these low end devices are often
   equipped with ultra-low-power microcontroller units (MCUs) that have weak
   computation power and few memory resources.  It is a more challenging work
   to put these machine learning tasks on those end devices powered by
   harvested ambient energy, which are often referred to as energy-harvesting
   (EH) devices, since the unstable ambient energy can lead to the execution
   failure of the machine learning tasks.  This paper proposes an adaptive
   energy-aware design to coordinate multiple EH devices to accomplish multi-
   class classification computation.  It also leverages the concept of the One-
   vs-All (OVA) strategy turning a multi-class classification into multiple
   binary classifications.  The experimental results show our work performs
   better than the widely used round-robin policy and self-greedy policy in
   consideration of time and energy consumption.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE energy harvesting; iot; self-powered system; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); energy utilization; internet of things;
   learning systems; machine learning; power management; ambients; end-devices;
   energy; energy harvesting device; iot; learning tasks; machine learning;
   multi-class classification; self-powered systems; tinyml; energy harvesting

---

UT 1265
AR Gupta A, 2023, PROC INT CONF SENS TECHNOL ICST, DOI
   10.1109/ICST59744.2023.10460815
TI Hardware Deployable Classifier for Invasive Ductal Carcinoma using Tiny
   Machine Learning Model
AU Gupta A; Gautam K; Pratap Singh Y; Singh B; Wajid M; Usman M
TC 1
SO PROC INT CONF SENS TECHNOL ICST
PY 2023
AB Breast Cancer is a global health concern, emphasizing the crucial importance
   of its early detection in improving patient treatment.  This is especially
   true for the most frequently diagnosed type of breast cancer, Invasive
   Ductal Carcinoma (IDC), which has a high risk of spreading and significant
   mortality.  Automation provides an opportunity to streamline the detection,
   improving efficiency and minimizing diagnostic errors.  In this research
   paper, we proposed a low-computational Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) model
   for the classification of IDC. Conventional methods for IDC classification,
   such as histopathological analysis and mammography, are time-consuming,
   costly, and subjective.  Therefore, there is a need for an automated and
   accurate method for IDC classification that can be applied in a resource-
   limited environment.  Our proposed TinyML model takes digital images of
   whole-mount breast cancer slide specimens and extracts the features
   necessary to classify them as IDC-(-ve) or IDC-(+ve). The TinyML model is
   evaluated using a publicly available dataset of Breast Histopathology Images
   and compared to the other Deep Learning (DL) models based on accuracy and
   computational complexity.  The results show that our model achieved a high
   accuracy of 89.3% while maintaining limited processing power and memory.
   The successful deployment of the model on an embedded system like Raspberry
   Pi demonstrates that our TinyML model can be used in hardware resource-
   constrained environments, promising improved cancer diagnosis.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE bi-directional long short-term memory ( bi-lstm ); convolutional neural
   network ( cnn ); deep learning ( dl ); invasive ductal carcinoma ( idc );
   multilayer perceptron ( mlp ); raspberry pi; tiny machine learning ( tinyml
   )
ID classification ( of information ); diseases; long short-term memory; medical
   imaging; multilayer neural networks; patient treatment; bi-directional; bi-
   directional long short-term memory; convolutional neural network; deep
   learning; invasive ductal carcinoma; invasive ductal carcinomata; machine
   learning; multilayer perceptron; multilayers perceptrons; raspberry pi; tiny
   machine learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1317
AR Macan L, 2023, PROC - INT CONF COMPIL ARCH SYNTH EMBED SYST CASES, P9
TI WIP: Automatic DNN Deployment on Heterogeneous Platforms: The GAP9 Case
   Study
AU Macan L; Burrello A; Benini L; Conti F
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPIL ARCH SYNTH EMBED SYST CASES
PY 2023
AB Emerging Artificial-Intelligence-enabled System-on-Chips (AI-SoCs) combine a
   flexible microcontroller with parallel Digital Signal Processors (DSP) and
   heterogeneous acceleration capabilities.  In this Work-in-Progress paper, we
   focus on the GAP9 RISC-V SoC as a case study to show how the open-source
   DORY Deep Neural Network (DNN) tool flow can be extended for heterogeneous
   acceleration by fine grained interleaving of a dedicated Neural Engine and a
   cluster of RISC-V cores.  Our results show that up to 91% of the peak
   accelerator throughput can be extracted in end-To-end execution of
   benchmarks based on MobileNet-V1 and V2.  © 2023 ACM.
DE deep learning; hw accelerators; mcus; tinyml
ID digital signal processors; signal processing; system-on-chip; acceleration
   capabilities; case-studies; deep learning; heterogeneous platforms; hw
   accelerator; mcu; network deployment; open source; systems-on-chip; tinyml;
   deep neural networks

---

UT 1321
AR Nguyen V-T, 2023, IEEE WORK STAT SIGNAL PROCESS PROC, V2023-July, P705, DOI
   10.1109/SSP53291.2023.10208067
TI AIoT-based Neural Decoding and Neurofeedback for Accelerated Cognitive
   Training: Vision, Directions and Preliminary Results
AU Nguyen V-T; Tartaglione E; Dinh T
TC 1
SO IEEE WORK STAT SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2023
AB Attention and working memory, which are two fundamental components of
   cognitive basis, can be improved through cognitive training.  In addition,
   thanks to neuroplasticity, neurons are able to adapt quickly to the demands
   placed on them.  By developing new neural networks and strengthening
   important connections, a cognitive training program can measurably and
   permanently improve brain activity.  In this paper, we present a concept of
   AIoT based neural decoding and neurofeedback to accelerate cognitive
   training, the preliminary results and research directions.  The proposed
   concept is to design adequate tiny machine learning to extract the relevant
   features and characteristics from physiological signals.  A tiny ML performs
   classification or recognition of relevant patterns, based on which the
   neurofeedback system is appropriately designed for more effective cognitive
   training.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE aiot; attention; cognitive training; embedded ai; eq; memorization; neural
   decoding; neurofeedback; tinyml
ID decoding; neural networks; pattern recognition; aiot; attention; cognitive
   training; embedded ai; eq; memorization; neural decoding; neurofeedback;
   tinyml; working memory; brain

---

UT 1381
AR Zhang M, 2023, APSIPA TRANS SIGNAL PROCESS, V12, DOI 10.1561/116.00000114
TI A Tiny Machine Learning Model for Point Cloud Object Classification
AU Zhang M; Xue J; Kadam P; Prajapati H; Liu S/1; Jay Kuo C-C
TC 1
SO APSIPA TRANS SIGNAL PROCESS
PY 2023
AB The design of a tiny machine learning model which can be deployed in mobile
   and edge devices for point cloud object classification is investigated in
   this work.  To achieve this objective, we replace the multi-scale
   representation of a point cloud object with a single-scale representation
   for complexity reduction, and exploit rich 3D geometric information of a
   point cloud object for performance improvement.  The proposed solution is
   named Green-PointHop due to its low computational complexity.  We evaluate
   the performance of Green-PointHop on ModelNet40 and ScanObjectNN two
   datasets.  Green-PointHop has a model size of 64 K parameters.  It demands
   2.3 M floating-point operations (FLOPs) to classify a ModelNet40 object of
   1024 down-sampled points.  Its classification performance gaps against the
   state-of-the-art DGCNN method are 3% and 7% for ModelNet40 and ScanObjectNN,
   respectively.  On the other hand, the model size and inference complexity of
   DGCNN are 42X and 1203X of those of Green-PointHop, respectively.  © 2023 M.
   Zhang, J. Xue, P. Kadam, H. Prajapati, S. Liu and C.-C. Jay Kuo.
DE green learning; object classification; point-clouds; pointhop; tiny learning
   model
ID machine learning; green learning; learning models; machine learning models;
   model size; multi-scale representations; object classification; performance;
   point-clouds; pointhop; tiny learning model; digital arithmetic

---

UT 1415
AR Krishna A, 2023, ASIA PAC CONF POSTGR RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON, P44, DOI
   10.1109/PRIMEAsia60757.2023.00022
TI TinyML Acoustic Classification using RAMAN Accelerator and Neuromorphic
   Cochlea
AU Krishna A; Shankaranarayanan H; Oleti HP; Chauhan A; Van Schaik A; Mehendale
   M; Thakur CS/1
TC 1
SO ASIA PAC CONF POSTGR RES MICROELECTRON ELECTRON
PY 2023
AB The growing use of acoustic classification systems in edge computing and
   Internet of Things (IoT) devices has created a demand for innovative
   technologies and methods that can deliver high performance and energy
   efficiency.  In this work, we introduce a novel audio inference system that
   combines RAMAN, a Re-configurable and spArse tinyML Accelerator for
   infereNce, with a hardware-efficient Neuromorphic cochlea for pre-
   processing.  The neuromorphic cochlea mimics human hearing, specifically by
   employing the 'Cascade of Asymmetric Resonators (CAR)' model to replicate
   the basilar membrane filter in the human cochlea.  In this study, we utilize
   a 30 cascaded-filter cochlear section to process real-time audio data and a
   RAMAN classifier for audio classification.  RAMAN leverages activation and
   weight sparsity within the neural network to reduce storage, latency, and
   power consumption.  The proposed audio inference system has been implemented
   on a Microchip MPFS250T SoC field-programmable gate array (FPGA) with 52.57k
   LUTs, all while operating with a power consumption of 237.3 mW at 40 MHz
   clock frequency.  The proposed audio inference system is designed for low-
   power auditory edge applications such as speaker verification, speech
   detection, and keyword spotting.  © 2023 IEEE.
ID image acquisition; image analysis; image coding; image compression; image
   quality; image texture; image thinning; microprocessor chips; system-on-
   chip; acoustic classification; classification system; edge computing;
   energy; inference systems; innovative method; innovative technology;
   neuromorphic; performance; power; digital storage

---

UT 1424
AR Banerjee R, 2023, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13718 LNAI, P649, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-26422-1_49
TI A Light Weight Cardiac Monitoring System for On-device ECG Analysis
AU Banerjee R; Ghose A
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2023
AB In this paper, we propose a demonstrable prototype of an on-device cardiac
   monitoring system comprising bio-sensor module and a low-powered
   microcontroller.  Apart from measuring physiological vitals, the proposed
   system can classify abnormal heart rhythms on the microcontroller itself for
   low-cost 24 × 7 unobtrusive monitoring.  A Convolutional Neural network
   (CNN) is duly optimized to run on the constrained hardware platform for
   identification of normal, Atrial Fibrillation (AF) and other abnormal
   rhythms from single-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) signals.  The system is
   successfully verified on offline dataset.  It also reports promising
   accuracy when deployed for real-time health monitoring.  © 2023, The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE cnn; ecg analysis; real-time system; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; convolutional neural networks;
   electrocardiography; interactive computer systems; microcontrollers; bio
   sensor; cardiac monitoring; convolutional neural network; electrocardiogram
   analysis; light weight; low-costs; monitoring system; real-time system;
   sensor modules; tinyml; real-time systems

---

UT 1435
AR Bosse S, 2023, PROC - INT CONF FUTUR INTERNET THINGS CLOUD FICLOUD, P122,
   DOI 10.1109/FiCloud58648.2023.00026
TI Tiny Machine Learning Virtualization for IoT and Edge Computing using the
   REXA VM
AU Bosse S; Polle C
TC 1
SO PROC - INT CONF FUTUR INTERNET THINGS CLOUD FICLOUD
PY 2023
AB Tiny Machine Learning is a new approach that is being used for data-driven
   prediction classification and regression on microcontrollers using local
   sensor data.  The models are typically learned off-line and sent to the
   microcontroller for use as binary objects or frozen and converted static
   data.  This approach is not universal or flexible.  The REXA VM, which can
   virtualize embedded systems and sensor nodes and includes a general machine
   learning framework that supports arbitrary dynamic artificial neural network
   and decision tree models, is introduced in this study.  The models are
   delivered as text files with highly compressed program code that are
   enclosed in code frames with embedded data (model parameters). The VM offers
   fundamental computations for ANN and DT models (Microservices). Using a
   decompiler, models can be updated (retrained) and sent to other nodes
   (mobile models). It can be demonstrated that virtualization using a bytecode
   machine and just-in-time compiler is still appropriate and effective for
   extremely low-resource processors.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE embedded systems; microservices; sensor networks; tinyml; virtual machines;
   virtualization
ID codes ( symbols ); decision trees; edge computing; embedded systems;
   internet of things; machine learning; microcontrollers; network security;
   neural networks; sensor nodes; virtualization; data driven; edge computing;
   embedded-system; local sensors; machine learning; microservice; new
   approaches; sensors network; tinyml; virtualizations; virtual machine

---

UT 522
AR John LK, 2023, IEEE MICRO, V43, P4, DOI 10.1109/MM.2023.3322910
TI TinyML but by No Means a Tiny Feat!
AU John LK
TC 0
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2023
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 941
AR Karthikeyan MP, 2023, BLOCKCHAIN SECUR BIG DATA COMP SMART CITIES INT
   THINGS, P23
TI Blockchain and tiny machine learning algorithms for smart city
   infrastructure using IoT
AU Karthikeyan MP; Krishnaveni K; Muthumani N; Vanithamani P
TC 0
SO BLOCKCHAIN SECUR BIG DATA COMP SMART CITIES INT THINGS
PY 2023
AB Ever since the advent of technology human beings have made deliberate
   efforts to mold it out for its own convenience, comfort, and pleasure;
   resulting in consumption of resources that were tendered by nature upon us.
   Smart city systems have gained a lot of traction in recent decades because
   they increase people's comfort and quality of life.  Smartphones and
   microcontrollers are used to control the majority of smart city systems.
   Using wireless communication technology, a smartphone application is
   utilized to control and monitor house, cap, and city services.  We analysis
   the smart home with integrated IoT applications and cloud computing by
   embedding into creating a network of IoT using technology, sensors and
   actuators, increasing computation storage, power, and increasing data
   exchange accuracy.  So, this thesis guides up through few among many methods
   to which energy can be utilized at its best using modern day technology
   incorporating IoT as a fundamental working principle for carrying out the
   most important task.  Module second illustrates the problem faced in respect
   to resources depletion as the result of heavy consumption by Population
   growth and unplanned city development.  All of this resulted in further
   nefarious activities such as power theft (to meet electricity demands) and
   an unpleasant situation (e.g., overcrowded roads due to heavy population
   uses automobiles). As a result, in order to address the aforementioned
   issue, we have proposed a module that combines intelligence and current
   technology through Automation and Information Engineering based on the
   Internet of Things.  IoT here also helps to mitigate the installation and
   running cost and covering it all within acceptable boundaries and scope of
   the economy.  © 2024 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.  All rights reserved.
DE gas monitoring; google assistance; internet of things; mqtt protocol;
   temperature device monitoring
ID automation; blockchain; digital storage; electronic data interchange;
   learning algorithms; machine learning; population statistics; smart city;
   smartphones; urban growth; blockchain; gas monitoring; google assistance;
   google+; human being; machine learning algorithms; mqtt protocol; quality of
   life; smart phones; temperature device monitoring; internet of things

---

UT 964
AR Islam SM, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3639856.3639919
TI TinyML Demonstration of Time-series Prediction and Vision-based Gesture
   Recognition
AU Islam SM; Mondal J; Mukhopadhyay S/1; Roychoudhury A; Dey S; Mukherjee A
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB The growing need for artificial intelligence in multitude of domains has
   over the past few years triggered some concerns related to latency and
   reliability when huge amounts of sensor data are moved from sensors to the
   cloud for computation.  These concerns, coupled with sustainability drives
   for green computing, have emerged as key drivers to move the computation
   closer to the source, on devices which are often less power-hungry compared
   to huge machines at the data centers.  However, devices close to the data
   sources, or sensors, are typically constrained in terms of computation and
   memory and hence running inference models on such devices is not trivial.
   Well-known deep learning models that perform extremely well on the cloud
   infrastructure cannot be directly ported to smaller devices and the task of
   handcrafting such models meant for smaller devices requires knowledge of
   deep learning as well as embedded systems, and is thus often difficult to
   find.  This is turn increases the time to market for such embedded AI
   models, which in today's world is not generally acceptable.  In order to
   augment the data scientists conversant with deep learning methodologies with
   necessary skills for embedded development and deployment, we propose a
   platform that to some extend automates some of the crucial steps in the
   development cycle.  This demo shows the capability of the TCS Edge Wizard
   where we auto generate inference models for Battery Management System (BMS)
   of electric vehicles and Vision-based gesture recognition that can be used
   in several scenarios including Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS).
   The models are generated using a reinforcement learning system with
   accuracy, MAC operations and size as constraints for final deployment on
   edge devices.  © 2023 Owner/Author.
DE battery management system; gesture recognition; neural architecture search;
   reinforcement learning
ID advanced driver assistance systems; automobile drivers; battery management
   systems; computing power; deep learning; digital storage; embedded systems;
   green computing; learning systems; secondary batteries; gestures
   recognition; inference models; neural architecture search; neural
   architectures; prediction-based; reinforcement learnings; sensors data;
   small devices; time series prediction; vision-based gesture recognition;
   reinforcement learning

---

UT 1001
AR Percino G, 2023, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT TECHNOL DEV TECHDEV, P6, DOI
   10.1109/TechDev61156.2023.00009
TI A Fully Embedded AI System for the Detection of Soft Falls Using
   Accelerometer Data in Real Time
AU Percino G; Bourgeais A; Fenneteau A; Pitard V
TC 0
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT TECHNOL DEV TECHDEV
PY 2023
AB Fall detection has been widely studied given the incidence of falls in the
   elderly population, often resulting in physical injuries that require
   prolonged medical treatment.  This paper proposes a detection system to
   detect falls, and more importantly 'soft falls'. Soft falls do not
   necessarily produce physical injuries, but may be the consequence of a
   serious health issue such as a heart attack.  Soft falls are more difficult
   to detect as they can be mistaken for daily activities.  The detection
   system implements an artificial neuronal network model that reaches an AVC
   score of 98%. The model is reduced in size using a TinyML framework to be
   deployed in real time on a microcontroller, making it compatible with
   wearable systems that do not invade or restrict mobility and activities of
   users.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE accelerometer data; ai; deep learning; embedded-system; soft fall detection;
   tinyml
ID accelerometers; deep learning; embedded systems; neurons; real-time systems;
   accelerometer data; ai systems; deep learning; detection system; embedded-
   system; fall detection; physical injuries; real- time; soft fall detection;
   tinyml; fall detection

---

UT 1025
AR Chiapputo N, 2023, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12514, DOI 10.1117/12.2664110
TI Efficient infrared super-resolution
AU Chiapputo N; Bailey CP
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2023
AB As modern displays continue to increase in resolution, means of capturing
   images and videos at such high resolutions can be prohibitively expensive.
   This is especially true in the infrared domain.  Image super-resolution, or
   upsampling, has often been applied to improve the aforementioned problem.
   Deep learning models have been proposed to reconstruct high quality high-
   resolution images from a low-resolution base.  Previous solutions require a
   massive number of parameters which necessitate a large amount of free memory
   and computation power or they fall apart when applied to the infrared
   domain.  As a result, many modern super-resolution models are not entirely
   practical.  One difficult aspect in IR super-resolution is that IR images
   are inherently noisy, causing a poor signal-to-noise ratio, due to
   characteristics of IR sensors and internal reflections within the lenses.
   Because of this, super-resolution in IR must also act somewhat as a
   denoiser.  Therefore, we propose a highly efficient, super-resolution model
   capable of producing single-image super-resolution in the IR domain.  © 2023
   SPIE.
DE cnn pixel shuffling; efficient machine learning; real-time; super-
   resolution; tinyml
ID aspect ratio; deep learning; infrared imaging; learning systems; optical
   resolving power; signal to noise ratio; cnn pixel shuffling; efficient
   machine learning; high resolution; image super resolutions; infrared
   domains; machine learning; real- time; super-resolution models; super-
   resolution; tinyml; image enhancement

---

UT 1034
AR Schilk P, 2023, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P488, DOI 10.1145/3576842.3589166
TI Demo Abstract: In-Ear-Voice - Towards Milli-Watt Audio Enhancement With
   Bone-Conduction Microphones for In-Ear Sensing Platforms
AU Schilk P; Polvani N; Ronco A; Cernak M; Magno M
TC 0
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2023
AB This demonstration presents a custom-developed research platform for low-
   power wireless earbuds based on the cutting-edge Ambiq Apollo 4 Blue SoC,
   and targeted at applications in in-ear sensing and on-the-edge data
   processing.  The earbud shown is currently equipped with a novel, commercial
   MEMS bone-conduction microphone.  Such microphones can record the wearer's
   speech with much greater isolation, enabling personalized voice activity
   detection and further audio enhancement applications.  The device is running
   a specialized, TinyML-based, voice activity detection algorithm, indicating
   the wearer's speech using an onboard LED. A second identical earbud attempts
   to do the same detection using a traditional air-conduction microphone is
   also shown to underline the advantage the bone-conduction microphone
   provides.  Overall the platform achieves 2.64mW average power consumption at
   14uJ per inference, reaching 43h of battery life on a miniature 32mAh li-ion
   cell without duty cycling.  © 2023 ACM.
DE bone conduction; dsp; tinyml; voice-activity detection
ID data handling; digital signal processing; lithium-ion batteries;
   microphones; system-on-chip; audio enhancement; bone conduction; cutting
   edges; dsp; edge data; low power wireless; research platforms; sensing
   platforms; tinyml; voice-activity detections; speech recognition

---

UT 1130
AR Forleo M, 2023, IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT, P1, DOI
   10.1109/GCAIoT61060.2023.10385096
TI Online-Learnt and Deployed MoDem System
AU Forleo M; Pau DP; Ivan Piazzese N
TC 0
SO IEEE GLOB CONF ARTIF INTELL INTERNET THINGS GCAIOT
PY 2023
AB The telecommunications industry has seen a significant increase in the
   demand for high-quality transmission and processing of digital information.
   As a result, research efforts have been focused on developing high-
   performance systems for the modulation and demodulation of digital
   information signals.  These efforts have led to exploring artificial
   intelligence (AI) techniques for implementing demodulation.  However,
   traditional AI-based demodulation techniques use specific data for
   supervised training, which results in models that hardly adapt to changing
   environments.  These models do not consider the time variance that can
   affect a realistic communication chain, where physical devices and their
   functionalities inevitably influence the signal.  Moreover, the non-
   idealities that characterize the communication channel are subject to
   unpredictable and random temporal fluctuations.  To address these issues,
   this manuscript proposes a novel system that implements modulation and
   demodulation of digital signals and can adapt the demodulation to the
   characteristics of the specific front-end adopted, as well as to those of
   the communication channel, during execution on the field.  The proposed
   system estimates the main parameters that characterize the received signal
   and performs neural demodulation at the receiver.  This is achieved through
   an online learning process that takes place at the transmitter and is sent
   to the receiver in real-time.  This approach allows the system to adapt to
   the statistically varying conditions of ongoing communication, resulting in
   improved performance and reliability.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; modem; neural networks; online learning; tiny
   machine learning; wireless
ID e-learning; learning systems; modems; optical variables measurement;
   telecommunication industry; communications channels; digital information;
   high-quality; learn+; machine learning; neural networks; online learning;
   quality transmission; telecommunications industry; tiny machine learning;
   demodulation

---

UT 1172
AR Yu L, 2023, INT CONF COMPUT ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL CAIT, P136, DOI
   10.1109/CAIT59945.2023.10469555
TI Edge Computing-based Intelligent Garbage Classification and Recognition
   Application
AU Yu L; Mo F; Lai Y; Tian L
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT ARTIF INTELL TECHNOL CAIT
PY 2023
AB As the standard of living improves, there is a corresponding increase in the
   variety of materials, leading to a rise in household garbage.  Dealing with
   the challenge of classifying numerous types of garbage can be a daunting
   task.  The accuracy of waste separation cannot be effectively improved
   solely by relying on individuals' common sense perception, knowledge
   propaganda, and training.  A more comprehensive and efficient approach is
   needed.  This paper proposes an intelligent waste classification and
   recognition application based on edge computing to address the
   aforementioned issues.  The edge mobile intelligent waste classification and
   recognition application utilizes a small-sample lightweight machine learning
   model for training compressed quantization on the Edge Impulse Platform
   (EI). The application is built using the MobileNetV2 model and migration
   learning theory.  When a user scans a trash image by running the application
   through a mobile edge device, the tiny machine learning model is invoked to
   perform edge computation and identify the class of trash.  System testing on
   the EI platform and field applications demonstrates that the average
   response time for intelligent waste classification and recognition is 0.66
   seconds.  Additionally, the average inference time is less than 5
   milliseconds, and the application achieves an average recognition accuracy
   of 97% or higher.  This intelligent waste classification and recognition
   system exhibits excellent overall performance and offers great convenience
   for individuals in their daily waste classification tasks.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge computing; edge impulse platform ( ei ); garbage classification and
   identification; mobilenetv2; tiny machine learning; transfer learning
ID computation theory; deep learning; classification and identifications;
   classification and recognition; edge computing; edge impulse platform;
   garbage classification and identification; machine learning; mobilenetv2;
   tiny machine learning; transfer learning; waste classification; edge
   computing

---

UT 1200
AR Fraidling F, 2023, MIKROSYSTEMTECHNIK KONGR - MIKROELEKTRON
   MIKROSYSTEMTECHNIK ANWENDUNGEN - NACHHALT TECHNOL PROC, P714
TI Tiny Machine Learning Sensor Platform for Local Sensor Data Fusion and
   Evaluation
AU Fraidling F; Hochreiter C; Heinrich F; Rieger F; Wenninger F
TC 0
SO MIKROSYSTEMTECHNIK KONGR - MIKROELEKTRON MIKROSYSTEMTECHNIK ANWENDUNGEN -
   NACHHALT TECHNOL PROC
PY 2023
AB Currently prevalent methods for analyzing sensor data rely on centralized
   processing.  The transmission of collected sensor data leads to increased
   latency, and applications could additionally suffer from bandwidth
   constraints and privacy concerns.  On-device data analysis is crucial for
   many future edge computing applications.  Embedded machine learning is an
   increasingly important approach to enable local sensor data analysis on
   resource constrained edge devices.  This paper demonstrates a concrete
   implementation of the embedded machine learning life cycle on the developed
   Tiny Machine Learning Sensor Platform to enable local sensor data fusion and
   evaluation for generic applications.  The featured Tiny Machine Learning
   Sensor Platform exhibits common microcontroller interfaces to attach generic
   sensors suitable for domain-specific applications in a wide range of use
   cases.  It is intended for time series domain specific task such as anomaly
   detection, classification and prediction.  The platform runs machine
   learning models and neural networks that are specifically optimized for
   resource constrained embedded microcontrollers.  The advantage of on-device
   data analysis is that the sensor platform itself can decide locally how to
   proceed when the deployed machine learning model detects certain events.
   Data only needs to be transmitted to a centralized service when an event has
   occurred.  The device does not need to constantly send its monitored data
   when there is little or no new information reducing the amount of data
   transmitted significantly and allowing extended run times of battery-powered
   systems.  The platform can react autonomously to specific events without
   waiting for a server response, reducing the latency for real-time, safety
   critical applications.  This paper describes the applied hardware, software,
   and the data science pipeline used to develop machine learning enhanced
   applications on embedded hardware.  A first version of the Tiny Machine
   Learning Sensor Platform is already deployed in several applications.  It is
   planned to adapt the Tiny Machine Learning Sensor Platform to additional use
   cases and further develop identified challenges.  In summary, the
   practicability of tiny machine learning in real world time series data
   applications is demonstrated.  © VDE VERLAG GMBH ∙ Berlin ∙ Offenbach.
ID anomaly detection; big data; computer hardware; constrained optimization;
   data handling; information analysis; life cycle; machine learning; safety
   engineering; time series; centralized processing; data evaluation; device
   data; embedded machines; local sensors; machine learning models; machine
   learning; sensor platform; sensors data; sensors data fusion; application
   programs

---

UT 1209
AR Sayan Saha S, 2023, UBICOMP/ISWC ADJUN - PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE
   UBIQUITOUS COMPUT PROC ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT, P252, DOI
   10.1145/3544793.3563423
TI Excerpt of Auritus: An Open-Source Optimization Toolkit for Training and
   Development of Human Movement Models and Filters Using Earables
AU Sayan Saha S; Sandha SS; Pei S; Jain V/1; Wang Z/5; Li Y/5; Sarker A;
   Srivastava M
TC 0
SO UBICOMP/ISWC ADJUN - PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE UBIQUITOUS COMPUT PROC
   ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT
PY 2023
AB Auritus is an extendable and open-source optimization toolkit designed to
   enhance and replicate earable applications.  Auritus serves two primary
   functions.  Firstly, Auritus handles data collection, pre-processing, and
   labeling tasks for creating customized earable datasets using graphical
   tools.  The system includes an open-source dataset with 2.43 million
   inertial samples related to head and full-body movements, consisting of 34
   head poses and 9 activities from 45 volunteers.  Secondly, Auritus provides
   a tightly-integrated hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) optimizer and TinyML
   interface to develop lightweight and real-time machine-learning (ML) models
   for activity detection and filters for head-pose tracking.  Auritus
   recognizes activities with 91% leave 1-out test accuracy (98% test accuracy)
   using real-time models as small as 6-13 kB. Our models are 98-740 × smaller
   and 3-6% more accurate over the state-of-the-art.  We also estimate head
   pose with absolute errors as low as 5 degrees using 20kB filters, achieving
   up to 1.6 × precision improvement over existing techniques.  Auritus is
   available at https://github.com/nesl/auritus.  © 2022 Owner/Author.
DE datasets; earable; filters; hardware-in-the-loop; head-pose; human activity;
   machine learning; network architecture search; neural networks;
   optimization; tinyml
ID hardware-in-the-loop simulation; learning systems; machine learning; open
   systems; synthetic apertures; dataset; earable; filter; hardware in the
   loops; head-pose; human activities; machine learning; network architecture
   search; neural networks; optimizations; tinyml; network architecture

---

UT 1217
AR Albury P, 2023, PROC - CONGR COMPUT SCI COMPUT ENG APPL COMPUT CSCE, P791,
   DOI 10.1109/CSCE60160.2023.00135
TI Arduino-Based sUAS Detection Sensors
AU Albury P; Dill R; Hodson D
TC 0
SO PROC - CONGR COMPUT SCI COMPUT ENG APPL COMPUT CSCE
PY 2023
AB State actors have converted small Unmanned Air-craft Systems (sUAS) into
   weapons capable of carrying explosive payloads, artillery, support for other
   ground and air forces, logistics, and close battlespace awareness.  These
   devices have become instruments of power, even thwarting Russian advancement
   into Ukrainian territories.  In response to this new strike vector, this
   paper explores the Arduino ecosystem as a novel approach to creating a
   distributed sensor network capable of detecting sUAS. We propose an Arduino-
   based sensor node design that executes a Tiny ML model to detect sUAS
   through visual, audio, and radar modalities.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino; sensors; suas; tinyml
ID air force; arduino; battlespace; detection sensors; distributed sensor
   networks; ground forces; power; small unmanned aircraft system; tinyml;
   unmanned air; sensor nodes

---

UT 1226
AR Disabato S, 2023, SPRINGERBRIEFS APPL SCI TECHNOL, P79, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-15374-7_7
TI Deep and Wide Tiny Machine Learning
AU Disabato S
TC 0
SO SPRINGERBRIEFS APPL SCI TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB In the last decades, on the one hand, Deep Learning (DL) has become state of
   the art in several domains, e.g., image classification, object detection,
   and natural language processing.  On the other hand, pervasive
   technologies—Internet of Things (IoT) units, embedded systems, and Micro-
   Controller Units (MCUs)—ask for intelligent processing mechanisms as close
   as possible to data generation.  Nevertheless, memory, computational, and
   energy requirements characterizing DL models are three or more orders of
   magnitude larger than the corresponding memory, computation, and energy
   capabilities of pervasive devices.  This work aims at introducing a
   methodology to address this issue and enable pervasive intelligent
   processing.  In particular, by defining Tiny Machine Learning (TML)
   solutions, i.e., machine and deep learning models that take into account the
   constraints on memory, computation, and energy of the target pervasive
   device.  The proposed methodology addresses the problem at three different
   levels.  In the first approach, the methodology devices inference-based Deep
   TML solutions by approximation techniques, i.e., the TML model runs on the
   pervasive device but was trained elsewhere.  Then, the methodology
   introduces on-device learning for TML. Finally, the third approach develops
   Wide Deep TML solutions that split and distribute the DL processing over
   connected heterogeneous pervasive devices.  © 2023, The Author(s).
DE deep learning; distributed deep learning; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; on-device learning; tiny machine learning
ID deep learning; embedded systems; learning algorithms; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; natural language processing systems; object detection;
   deep learning; distributed deep learning; intelligent processing; learning
   models; machine learning; memory computations; microcontroller; on-device
   learning; pervasive devices; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 1262
AR Ahn S, 2023, IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON-ASIA ICCE-ASIA, DOI 10.1109/ICCE-
   Asia59966.2023.10326336
TI Machine Learning Hardware Implementation of Handwritten Digit Inference
   using Arduino and Ternary Output Binary Neural Network
AU Ahn S; Lee J; Na T
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF CONSUM ELECTRON-ASIA ICCE-ASIA
PY 2023
AB In this paper, we analyze binary neural network (BNN) and ternary output BNN
   (ToBNN) from a software perspective, and introduce tiny machine learning
   (TinyML) hardware implementation of handwritten digit inference.  Both BNN
   and ToBNN achieve a reduction of approximately 70% in memory usage for
   weight storage by using binary values.  Inference energy consumption was
   also reduced by approximately 32%. ToBNN achieves 90.24% inference accuracy
   for MNIST dataset, while conventional BNN shows 50.25% accuracy.  To
   implement TinyML hardware, Arduino Uno, Portenta H7, TFT touch LCD shield,
   and 16×2 LCD were used.  The hardware implementation results show successful
   inference for handwritten digits.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE arduino; binary neural network ( bnn ); mnist; ternary output bnn ( tobnn );
   tinyml
ID machine learning; thin film transistors; arduino; binary neural network;
   binary neural networks; handwritten digit; hardware implementations; machine
   learning; mnist; ternary output binary neural network; tiny machine
   learning; energy utilization

---

UT 1275
AR Khan MU, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V813 LNNS, P343, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-47454-5_26
TI Modified AMBER Alerts System Using TinyML Processing
AU Khan MU; Al Shamrani A; Al Shami A
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB The AMBER Alert system is utilized to disseminate information about missing
   children, with approximately 85% of cases involving vehicles.  However, the
   current system relies on simple text-based information through SMS, which
   may benefit from enhancements to expedite the identification of the involved
   vehicles.  This paper addresses this challenge by proposing a Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) model that leverages vehicle images depicting various
   types and colors, as well as images of missing children, to optimize AMBER
   Alerts and increase the chances of rescuing abducted children and older
   adults.  The model incorporates the OpenCV library to perform real-time
   identification of car models and colors, enabling the transmission of
   detailed vehicle descriptions, including accompanying images, to aid in
   matching with emergency alerts.  The considered vehicle types encompass
   SUVs, sedans, trucks, buses, microbuses, minivans, and motorcycles, while
   vehicle colors are classified into eight categories.  By utilizing small
   scale machine learning framework known as (TinyML) technology, the proposed
   model can be deployed on small, low-power devices, significantly enhancing
   the speed and efficiency of the AMBER Alert system.  This approach aims to
   equip law enforcement with a robust tool for swiftly and safely locating and
   rescuing abducted individuals through improved vehicle type and color
   detection and classification, facilitated by machine learning and image
   recognition technologies.  © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE amber alert; emergency alerts; machine learning; opencv; public safety;
   tinyml
ID color; image recognition; information dissemination; model automobiles;
   vehicle transmissions; alert systems; amber alert; emergency alerts; machine
   learning; missing children; opencv; public safety; tiny machine learning;
   vehicle types; machine learning

---

UT 1305
AR Dogaru R, 2023, INT SYMP ELECTR ELECTRON ENG ISEEE - PROC, P168, DOI
   10.1109/ISEEE58596.2023.10310596
TI XNL-CNN: An Improved Version Of The NL-CNN Model, For Running With TPU
   Accelerators And Large Image Datasets
AU Dogaru R; Mirica A-D; Dogaru I
TC 0
SO INT SYMP ELECTR ELECTRON ENG ISEEE - PROC
PY 2023
AB This paper introduces XNL-CNN, an extended version of the previously
   introduced, compact NL-CNN model.  While the NL-CNN was designed with
   typical Tiny-ML constraints in order to make possible integration of various
   AI image recognition solutions into low power, low complexity computing
   platforms, the same stands for its extended version discussed herein.  In
   addition, we consider additional layers to cope with larger image sizes, as
   found in most actual relevant datasets (e.g.  the Cars196 or Flowers104).
   Moreover, since working with large image sizes requires intensive
   computational power, TPU accelerators readily available on Kaggle platform
   were used for training and evaluation of our model.  In comparison to other,
   widely known resources-constrained architectures, such as EfficientNet or
   MobileNet our model offers the following advantages: i) a larger set of
   hyper-parameters allowing the user to do better designs (maximal accuracy
   for minimal resources), adapted for a wide variety of datasets; ii) has a
   low number of layer primitives, thus making easier their specific design for
   deployment on various TinyML or EdgeAI platforms, including FPGAS.  © 2023
   IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; edge ai; resources constrained; tinyml; tpu
ID computing power; convolutional neural networks; image enhancement; large
   dataset; cnn models; convolutional neural network; edge ai; extended
   versions; image datasets; large images; low power; resource-constrained;
   tinyml; tpu; image recognition

---

UT 1307
AR Baryczkowski P, 2023, ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND), V12, DOI
   10.3390/electronics12204291
TI Study of the Complexity of CMOS Neural Network Implementations Featuring
   Heart Rate Detection
AU Baryczkowski P; Szczepaniak S; Matykiewicz N; Perz K; Szczęsny S
TC 0
SO ELECTRON (SWITZERLAND)
PY 2023
AB The growing popularity of edge computing goes hand in hand with the
   widespread use of systems based on artificial intelligence.  There are many
   different technologies used to accelerate AI algorithms in end devices.  One
   of the more efficient is CMOS technology thanks to the ability to control
   the physical parameters of the device.  This article discusses the
   complexity of the semiconductor implementation of TinyML edge systems in
   relation to various criteria.  In particular, the influence of the model
   parameters on the complexity of the system is analyzed.  As a use case, a
   CMOS preprocessor device dedicated to detecting heart rate in wearable
   devices is used.  The authors use the current and weak inversion operating
   modes, which allow the preprocessor to be powered by cells of the human
   energy harvesting class.  This work analyzes the influence of tuning
   hyperparameters of the learning process on the performance of the final
   device.  This article analyzes the relationships between the model
   parameters (accuracy and neural network size), input data parameters
   (sampling rates) and CMOS circuit parameters (circuit area, operating
   frequency and power consumption). Comparative analyses are performed using
   TSMC 65 nm CMOS technology.  The results presented in this article may be
   useful to direct this work with the model in terms of the final
   implementation as the integrated circuit.  The dependencies summarized in
   this work can also be used to initially estimate the costs of the hardware
   implementation of the model.  © 2023 by the authors.
DE model hyperparameters; power efficient architecture; tinyml; vlsi; wearable
   devices

---

UT 1333
AR Sandhya P, 2023, INT CONF COMPUT ELECTRON ELECTR ENG APPL IC2E3, DOI
   10.1109/IC2E357697.2023.10262472
TI Enhancement in IoT through Custom Instruction Set Architectures and TinyML:
   Review
AU Sandhya P; Chandran P
TC 0
SO INT CONF COMPUT ELECTRON ELECTR ENG APPL IC2E3
PY 2023
AB The Internet of Things or IoT means to the confluence of the network of
   interconnected devices, the technologies that enable communication among
   these devices, and between these devices and the cloud.  IoT contains
   embedded CPUs for performing a variety of functions.  The processors for
   enhancing IoT applications form an active area of research in the domain of
   Computer Architecture.  Embedded processors are resource and power-
   constrained challenging the execution of deep learning and machine learning
   algorithms.  One proposed solution in literature is TinyML (Tiny Machine
   Learning) to overcome this limitation.  TinyML architecture for IoT aims to
   deliver low latency, and effective bandwidth usage, reinforce data security,
   enhance privacy, and save costs.  TinyML enables IoT devices to perform ML
   computations to be performed in the edge and avoid frequent access to the
   cloud which increases the performance.  This paper presents a review of
   processor designs that are designed for TinyML architecture.  For addressing
   other important issues in IoT a review of custom ISAs (Instruction Set
   Architectures) developed is also presented in this review.  © 2023 IEEE.
DE iot; isa; ise; nn; risc-v; tinyml
ID computer architecture; deep learning; internet of things; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; program processors; custom instruction;
   embedded cpu; instruction set architecture; iot; ise; learning
   architectures; machine learning; nn; risc-v; tiny machine learning; network
   architecture

---

UT 1376
AR Fister I, 2023, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V749 LNNS, P122, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-42529-5_12
TI TinyNARM: Simplifying Numerical Association Rule Mining for Running
   on Microcontrollers
AU Fister I; Galvez A; Iglesias A
TC 0
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2023
AB This paper presents a tinyNARM which is an experimental effort in
   approaching/tailoring the classical Numerical Association Rule Mining to
   limited hardware devices, precisely on ESP32 microcontrollers so that
   devices do not need to depend on in-cloud remote servers.  The tinyNARM
   reduces the number of attributes in the transaction database by discretizing
   the continuous numeric attributes, and replacing the stochastic evolutionary
   algorithm for association rule mining with its deterministic counterpart.
   The preliminary results of the comparative study, in which the in-cloud
   NiaARM and the on-device tinyNARM were included by mining several UCI ML
   datasets, revealed that the quality of mined association rules and the time
   complexity were good enough for continuing the research in the direction of
   the tinyML. © 2023, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG.
DE niaarm; numerical association rule mining; tinyml
ID data mining; microcontrollers; stochastic systems; comparatives studies;
   deterministics; hardware devices; niaarm; numerical association rule mining;
   remote servers; stochastic evolutionary algorithms; time complexity; tinyml;
   transaction database; association rules

---

UT 1452
AR Park G, 2023, INT CONF ICT CONVERG, P1338, DOI
   10.1109/ICTC58733.2023.10393613
TI Deep Learning on MCUs: Comparative Analysis of Compile and Interpreter based
   Execution Methods
AU Park G; Hong S; Kim J-S
TC 0
SO INT CONF ICT CONVERG
PY 2023
AB With the rapid advancements in Edge Deep Learning research, the focus has
   shifted from optimizing on-device deep learning inference on smartphones and
   mobile boards, like Nvidia's Jetson, to executing deep learning models on
   highly constrained computational resources of a Micro Control Unit (MCU).
   However, the limited operational resources of these MCU devices pose
   significant challenges.  The Flash ROM memory, which contains the weights of
   deep learning models, is usually around 1-2MB, while the SRAM memory, used
   for managing runtime tensors, ranges approximately from 300kB to 1MB. These
   constraints make conventional on-device inference techniques challenging.
   This paper offers a comprehensive guide for performing AI inference within
   the restricted computational confines of an MCU and juxtaposes the
   efficiency of two runtime methods for implementing deep learning models
   within the MCU: the Compile-based method and the Interpreter-based method.
   © 2023 IEEE.
DE edge ai; lightweight cnn; mcu; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; deep learning; flash memory; learning systems;
   static random access storage; comparative analyzes; computational resources;
   edge ai; inference techniques; learning models; lightweight cnn; micro
   control unit; runtimes; smart phones; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1468
AR Abu Adla Y, 2023, IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL, V675 IFIP, P527, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-34111-3_44
TI Real-Time Arabic Digit Spotting with TinyML-Optimized CNNs on Edge Devices
AU Abu Adla Y; Saghir MAR; Awad M
TC 0
SO IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2023
AB TinyML is a rapidly evolving field at the intersection of machine learning
   and embedded systems.  This paper describes and evaluates a TinyML-optimized
   convolutional neural network (CNN) for real-time digit spotting in the
   Arabic language when executed on three different computational platforms.
   The proposed system is designed to recognize a set of Arabic digits from a
   continuous audio stream in real-time, enabling the development of
   intelligent voice-activated applications on edge devices.  Our results show
   that our TinyML-optimized CNN model can achieve 90%–93% inference accuracy,
   within 0.06–38 ms, while occupying only 19–139 KB of memory.  These results
   demonstrate the feasibility of deploying a CNN-based Arabic digit spotting
   system on resource-constrained edge devices.  They also provide insights
   into the trade-offs between performance and resource utilization on
   different hardware platforms.  This work has important implications for the
   development of intelligent voice-activated applications in the Arabic
   language on edge devices, which enables new opportunities for real-time
   speech processing at the edge.  © 2023, IFIP International Federation for
   Information Processing.
DE convolutional neural network; edge devices; model compression; real-time
   digit spotting; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; economic and social effects; embedded
   systems; speech processing; arabic digits; arabic languages; convolutional
   neural network; edge device; embedded-system; machine learning systems;
   model compression; real- time; real-time digit spotting; tinyml; convolution

---

UT 1135
AR Ray PP, 2022, J KING SAUD UNIV - COMPUT INF SCI, V34, P1595, DOI
   10.1016/j.jksuci.2021.11.019
TI A review on TinyML: State-of-the-art and prospects
AU Ray PP
TC 352
SO J KING SAUD UNIV - COMPUT INF SCI
PY 2022
AB Machine learning has become an indispensable part of the existing
   technological domain.  Edge computing and Internet of Things (IoT) together
   presents a new opportunity to imply machine learning techniques at the
   resource constrained embedded devices at the edge of the network.
   Conventional machine learning requires enormous amount of power to predict a
   scenario.  Embedded machine learning – TinyML paradigm aims to shift such
   plethora from traditional high-end systems to low-end clients.  Several
   challenges are paved while doing such transition such as, maintaining the
   accuracy of learning models, provide train-to-deploy facility in resource
   frugal tiny edge devices, optimizing processing capacity, and improving
   reliability.  In this paper, we present an intuitive review about such
   possibilities for TinyML. We firstly, present background of TinyML.
   Secondly, we list the tool sets for supporting TinyML. Thirdly, we present
   key enablers for improvement of TinyML systems.  Fourthly, we present state-
   of-the-art about frameworks for TinyML. Finally, we identify key challenges
   and prescribe a future roadmap for mitigating several research issues of
   TinyML. © 2021 The Authors
DE edge intelligence; embedded ai; energy efficient ai; iot; resource-
   constrained intelligence; tinyml

---

UT 1279
AR Sayan Saha S, 2022, IEEE SENSORS J, V22, P21362, DOI
   10.1109/JSEN.2022.3210773
TI Machine Learning for Microcontroller-Class Hardware: A Review
AU Sayan Saha S; Sandha SS; Srivastava M
TC 200
SO IEEE SENSORS J
PY 2022
AB The advancements in machine learning (ML) opened a new opportunity to bring
   intelligence to the low-end Internet-of-Things (IoT) nodes, such as
   microcontrollers.  Conventional ML deployment has high memory and computes
   footprint hindering their direct deployment on ultraresource-constrained
   microcontrollers.  This article highlights the unique requirements of
   enabling onboard ML for microcontroller-class devices.  Researchers use a
   specialized model development workflow for resource-limited applications to
   ensure that the compute and latency budget is within the device limits while
   still maintaining the desired performance.  We characterize a closed-loop
   widely applicable workflow of ML model development for microcontroller-class
   devices and show that several classes of applications adopt a specific
   instance of it.  We present both qualitative and numerical insights into
   different stages of model development by showcasing several use cases.
   Finally, we identify the open research challenges and unsolved questions
   demanding careful considerations moving forward.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
DE feature projection; internet of things; machine learning ( ml );
   microcontrollers; model compression; neural architecture search ( nas );
   neural networks; optimization; sensors; tinyml
ID budget control; controllers; data structures; internet of things; learning
   systems; machine learning; computational modeling; feature projection;
   hardware; machine learning; model compression; neural architecture search;
   neural architectures; neural networks; optimizations; random access memory;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1211
AR Alajlan NN, 2022, MICROMACHINES, V13, DOI 10.3390/mi13060851
TI TinyML: Enabling of Inference Deep Learning Models on Ultra-Low-Power IoT
   Edge Devices for AI Applications
AU Alajlan NN; Ibrahim DM
TC 180
SO MICROMACHINES
PY 2022
AB Recently, the Internet of Things (IoT) has gained a lot of attention, since
   IoT devices are placed in various fields.  Many of these devices are based
   on machine learning (ML) models, which render them intelligent and able to
   make decisions.  IoT devices typically have limited resources, which
   restricts the execution of complex ML models such as deep learning (DL) on
   them.  In addition, connecting IoT devices to the cloud to transfer raw data
   and perform processing causes delayed system responses, exposes private data
   and increases communication costs.  Therefore, to tackle these issues, there
   is a new technology called Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), that has paved
   the way to meet the challenges of IoT devices.  This technology allows
   processing of the data locally on the device without the need to send it to
   the cloud.  In addition, TinyML permits the inference of ML models,
   concerning DL models on the device as a Microcontroller that has limited
   resources.  The aim of this paper is to provide an overview of the
   revolution of TinyML and a review of tinyML studies, wherein the main
   contribution is to provide an analysis of the type of ML models used in
   tinyML studies; it also presents the details of datasets and the types and
   characteristics of the devices with an aim to clarify the state of the art
   and envision development requirements.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee
   MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE deep learning; edge devices; internet of things; machine learning; tiny
   machine learning
ID data handling; deep learning; ai applications; deep learning; delayed
   systems; edge device; learning models; machine learning models; machine
   learning; system response; tiny machine learning; ultra-low power; internet
   of things

---

UT 1246
AR Schizas N, 2022, FUTUR INTERNET, V14, DOI 10.3390/fi14120363
TI TinyML for Ultra-Low Power AI and Large Scale IoT Deployments: A Systematic
   Review
AU Schizas N; Karras A; Karras C; Sioutas S
TC 161
SO FUTUR INTERNET
PY 2022
AB The rapid emergence of low-power embedded devices and modern machine
   learning (ML) algorithms has created a new Internet of Things (IoT) era
   where lightweight ML frameworks such as TinyML have created new
   opportunities for ML algorithms running within edge devices.  In particular,
   the TinyML framework in such devices aims to deliver reduced latency,
   efficient bandwidth consumption, improved data security, increased privacy,
   lower costs and overall network cost reduction in cloud environments.  Its
   ability to enable IoT devices to work effectively without constant
   connectivity to cloud services, while nevertheless providing accurate ML
   services, offers a viable alternative for IoT applications seeking cost-
   effective solutions.  TinyML intends to deliver on-premises analytics that
   bring significant value to IoT services, particularly in environments with
   limited connection.  This review article defines TinyML, presents an
   overview of its benefits and uses and provides background information based
   on up-to-date literature.  Then, we demonstrate the TensorFlow Lite
   framework which supports TinyML along with analytical steps for an ML model
   creation.  In addition, we explore the integration of TinyML with network
   technologies such as 5G and LPWAN. Ultimately, we anticipate that this
   analysis will serve as an informational pillar for the IoT/Cloud research
   community and pave the way for future studies.  © 2022 by the authors.
DE 5g; deep learning; edge ai; edge computing; edge ml; internet of things;
   large scale iot deployments; lpwan; machine learning; tensorflow lite; tflm;
   tinyml
ID 5g mobile communication systems; cost effectiveness; cost reduction; deep
   learning; edge computing; learning systems; 5g; deep learning; edge ai; edge
   computing; edge machine learning; large scale internet; large scale internet
   of thing deployment; lpwan; machine learning; tensorflow lite; tflm; tinyml;
   internet of things

---

UT 1379
AR Cai H, 2022, ACM TRANS DES AUTOM ELECTRON SYST, V27, DOI 10.1145/3486618
TI Enable Deep Learning on Mobile Devices: Methods, Systems, and Applications
AU Cai H; Lin J/1; Lin Y; Liu Z; Tang H; Wang H/2; Zhu L; Han S
TC 125
SO ACM TRANS DES AUTOM ELECTRON SYST
PY 2022
AB Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved unprecedented success in the field
   of artificial intelligence (AI), including computer vision, natural language
   processing, and speech recognition.  However, their superior performance
   comes at the considerable cost of computational complexity, which greatly
   hinders their applications in many resource-constrained devices, such as
   mobile phones and Internet of Things (IoT) devices.  Therefore, methods and
   techniques that are able to lift the efficiency bottleneck while preserving
   the high accuracy of DNNs are in great demand to enable numerous edge AI
   applications.  This article provides an overview of efficient deep learning
   methods, systems, and applications.  We start from introducing popular model
   compression methods, including pruning, factorization, quantization, as well
   as compact model design.  To reduce the large design cost of these manual
   solutions, we discuss the AutoML framework for each of them, such as neural
   architecture search (NAS) and automated pruning and quantization.  We then
   cover efficient on-device training to enable user customization based on the
   local data on mobile devices.  Apart from general acceleration techniques,
   we also showcase several task-specific accelerations for point cloud, video,
   and natural language processing by exploiting their spatial sparsity and
   temporal/token redundancy.  Finally, to support all these algorithmic
   advancements, we introduce the efficient deep learning system design from
   both software and hardware perspectives.  © 2022 Copyright held by the
   owner/author(s).
DE automl; efficient deep learning; model compression; neural architecture
   search; tinyml
ID internet of things; natural language processing systems; network
   architecture; speech recognition; automl; efficient deep learning; high-
   accuracy; method and technique; model compression; neural architecture
   search; neural architectures; performance; resource-constrained devices;
   tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 1406
AR Han H, 2022, INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMMUN ICAIIC - PROC, P269, DOI
   10.1109/ICAIIC54071.2022.9722636
TI TinyML: A Systematic Review and Synthesis of Existing Research
AU Han H; Siebert J
TC 103
SO INT CONF ARTIF INTELL COMMUN ICAIIC - PROC
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), a rapidly evolving edge computing concept
   that links embedded systems (hardware and software) and machine learning,
   with the purpose of realizing ultra-low-power and low-cost and efficiency
   and privacy, brings machine learning inference to battery-powered
   intelligent devices.  In this study, we conduct a systematic review of
   TinyML research by synthesizing 47 papers from academic and grey publication
   since 2019 (the early TinyML publication starts from 2019). Relevant TinyML
   literature is analyzed from five aspects: hardware, framework, datasets, use
   cases, and algorithms/model.  This systematic review will serve as a roadmap
   for understanding the literature within the new emerging field of TinyML.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE data synthesis; mcus; neural networks; systematic review; tensorflow lite;
   tinyml
ID embedded systems; microcontrollers; data synthesis; edge computing;
   embedded-system; machine learning; mcu; neural networks; system hardware;
   systematic review; tensorflow lite; tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1416
AR Jain R, 2022, EXPERT SYST, V39, DOI 10.1111/exsy.12743
TI Deep ensemble learning approach for lower extremity activities recognition
   using wearable sensors
AU Jain R; Semwal VB; Kaushik P
TC 86
SO EXPERT SYST
PY 2022
AB Human walking is a very challenging task and always requires rigorous
   practice.  It is a learning process that involves the complex coordination
   of the brain and lower limbs.  The bipedal robots that mimic the human
   morphological structure to produce human similar walking, are not capable of
   producing an efficient walk.  Due to walking challenges and structural
   differences, a robot cannot walk like a human being.  In this research, to
   achieve the aforementioned objective to produce a human similar walk, human
   lower extremity activities are considered to understand walking behaviour.
   The experiment involves different walking styles on different terrains.  To
   capture the learning process of bipedal robot locomotion, a deep learning-
   based ensemble classifier is introduced for human lower activities
   recognition.  To understand the learning process seven different walking
   activities are considered for analysis purposes.  An Inertial measurement
   unit (IMU) is used as a wearable device due to its small form factor and
   unobtrusive nature to capture the walking movement of different lower limbs
   joints.  Three public datasets viz.  mHealth, OU-ISIR similar action and
   HAPT inertial sensor data sets are considered for this study.  To classify
   the activities, 2 different deep learning models namely convolutional neural
   network (CNN) and long short-term memory (LSTM) are used.  To generalize the
   results, an ensemble of different classifiers is implemented.  The
   Classifier has reported accuracy of 99.25%, 88.48% and 97.44%, respectively,
   on the aforementioned data sets.  This work can be utilized for elderly
   subjects' postural stability, rehabilitation of patients post-stroke and
   trauma, generation of robot walk trajectories in cluttered environment and
   reconstruction of impaired walking.  © 2021 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
DE bipedal robots; cnn; deep learning; edge computing; human activity
   recognition ( har ); imu; internet of things ( iot ); lstm; robot walk
   generation; tinyml; wearable sensors
ID biped locomotion; classification ( of information ); convolutional neural
   networks; coordination reactions; learning systems; long short-term memory;
   patient rehabilitation; social robots; wearable sensors; activities
   recognition; cluttered environments; ensemble classifiers; ensemble learning
   approach; human lower extremity; inertial measurement unit; morphological
   structures; structural differences; deep learning

---

UT 1219
AR Zaidi SAR/1, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P100867, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3207200
TI Unlocking Edge Intelligence Through Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML)
AU Zaidi SAR/1; Hayajneh AM; Hafeez M; Ahmed QZ
TC 79
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB Machine Learning (ML) on the edge is key to enabling a new breed of IoT and
   autonomous system applications.  The departure from the traditional cloud-
   centric architecture means that new deployments can be more power-efficient,
   provide better privacy and reduce latency for inference.  At the core of
   this paradigm is TinyML, a framework allowing the execution of ML models on
   low-power embedded devices.  TinyML allows importing pre-trained ML models
   on the edge for providing ML-as-a-Service (MLaaS) to IoT devices.  This
   article presents a TinyMLaaS (TMLaaS) architecture for future IoT
   deployments.  The TMLaaS architecture inherently presents several design
   trade-offs in terms of energy consumption, security, privacy, and latency.
   We also present how TMLaaS architecture can be implemented, deployed, and
   maintained for large-scale IoT deployment.  The feasibility of
   implementation for the TMLaaS architecture has been demonstrated with the
   help of a case study.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE 5g; deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency; federated learning;
   gesture recognition; implementation; iot; lora; mlops; tiny machine
   learning; transfer learning
ID 5g mobile communication systems; computation theory; computing power; deep
   learning; economic and social effects; edge computing; energy utilization;
   green computing; internet of things; 5g; cloud computing; computational
   modeling; deep learning; edge computing; federated learning; gestures
   recognition; implementation; iot; lora; machine learning; memory-management;
   mlop; performances evaluation; tiny machine learning; transfer learning;
   energy efficiency

---

UT 1387
AR Diab MS, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P98450, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3206782
TI Embedded Machine Learning Using Microcontrollers in Wearable and Ambulatory
   Systems for Health and Care Applications: A Review
AU Diab MS; Rodriguez-Villegas E
TC 73
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB The use of machine learning in medical and assistive applications is
   receiving significant attention thanks to the unique potential it offers to
   solve complex healthcare problems for which no other solutions had been
   found.  Particularly promising in this field is the combination of machine
   learning with novel wearable devices.  Machine learning models, however,
   suffer from being computationally demanding, which typically has resulted on
   the acquired data having to be transmitted to remote cloud servers for
   inference.  This is not ideal from the system's requirements point of view.
   Recently, efforts to replace the cloud servers with an alternative inference
   device closer to the sensing platform, has given rise to a new area of
   research Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). In this work, we investigate the
   different challenges and specifications trade-offs associated to existing
   hardware options, as well as recently developed software tools, when trying
   to use microcontroller units (MCUs) as inference devices for health and care
   applications.  The paper also reviews existing wearable systems
   incorporating MCUs for monitoring, and management, in the context of
   different health and care intended uses.  Overall, this work addresses the
   gap in literature targeting the use of MCUs as edge inference devices for
   healthcare wearables.  Thus, can be used as a kick-start for embedding
   machine learning models on MCUs, focusing on healthcare wearables.  © 2013
   IEEE.
DE edge ml; embedded machine learning; healthcare; microcontroller; tinyml;
   wearable
ID application programs; cloud computing; controllers; economic and social
   effects; embedded systems; healthcare; machine learning; medical problems;
   edge ml; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; healthcare; machine
   learning; microcontroller unit; tiny machine learning; wearable; wearable
   systems; microcontrollers

---

UT 1062
AR Tsoukas V, 2022, INF, V13, DOI 10.3390/info13050213
TI Enhancing Food Supply Chain Security through the Use of Blockchain and
   TinyML
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Kampa A; Spathoulas G; Kakarountas A
TC 69
SO INF
PY 2022
AB Food safety is a fundamental right in modern societies.  One of the most
   pressing problems nowadays is the provenance of food and food-related
   products that citizens consume, mainly due to several food scares and the
   globalization of food markets, which has resulted in food supply chains that
   extend beyond nations or even continent boundaries.  Food supply networks
   are characterized by high complexity and a lack of openness.  There is a
   critical requirement for applying novel techniques to verify and
   authenticate the origin, quality parameters, and transfer/storage details
   associated with food.  This study portrays an end-to-end approach to enhance
   the security of the food supply chain and thus increase the trustfulness of
   the food industry.  The system aims at increasing the transparency of food
   supply chain monitoring systems through securing all components that those
   consist of.  A universal information monitoring scheme based on blockchain
   technology ensures the integrity of collected data, a self-sovereign
   identity approach for all supply chain actors ensures the minimization of
   single points of failure, and finally, a security mechanism, that is based
   on the use of TinyML’s nascent technology, is embedded in monitoring devices
   to mitigate a significant portion of malicious behavior from actors in the
   supply chain.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE blockchain; food supply chain; hardware; integrity; internet of things;
   machine learning; security; smart contracts; tinyml; traceability;
   transparency
ID food supply; internet of things; machine learning; supply chains;
   transparency; blockchain; food supply chain; food-safety; hardware;
   integrity; pressung; security; supply chain security; tinyml; traceability;
   smart contract

---

UT 1109
AR Mellit A/1, 2022, ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL, V116, DOI
   10.1016/j.engappai.2022.105459
TI An embedded solution for fault detection and diagnosis of photovoltaic
   modules using thermographic images and deep convolutional neural networks
AU Mellit A/1
TC 66
SO ENG APPL ARTIF INTELL
PY 2022
AB In this work, an embedded system for fault detection and diagnosis of
   photovoltaic (PV) modules based on infrared thermographic images and deep
   conventional neural networks (DCNNs) is introduced.  First, a binary
   classifier is developed for PV modules fault detection.  Then, a multiclass
   classifier is developed to diagnose the type of defects occurred on PV
   modules.  In this study, four common defects are examined: partial shading
   effect, dust deposit on PV modules surface, short-circuited PV module and
   bypass diode failure.  The developed DCNN-based classifiers have been first
   optimized and then embedded into a low-cost microprocessor (Raspberry Pi 4).
   The models have also been compared with three main TF-Lite optimization
   techniques (Simple conversion, Dynamic range quantization and Float 16
   quantization). Experimental results demonstrate the feasibility of the
   developed embedded system to operate in real-time, and can detect and
   diagnose anomalies with acceptable accuracy.  The trade-off between accuracy
   and models size has been also discussed.  Furthermore, the operator could be
   notified about the state of the PV array through SMS (phone message) using a
   GSM module (SIM808), as well as by email.  This embedded solution can help
   to make real-time analyses for decision making (i.e.  removing fault,
   cleaning PV modules, changing PV modules, replacing diodes, etc.). © 2022
   Elsevier Ltd
DE deep learning; edge devices; embedded-system; fault diagnosis; photovoltaic;
   tensorflow lite; thermography image; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; decision making; deep neural networks;
   economic and social effects; fault detection; global system for mobile
   communications; solar panels; deep learning; edge device; embedded-system;
   fault detection and diagnosis; faults diagnosis; photovoltaic modules;
   photovoltaics; tensorflow lite; thermography image; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 1113
AR Immonen R, 2022, J SENSORS, V2022, DOI 10.1155/2022/7437023
TI Tiny Machine Learning for Resource-Constrained Microcontrollers
AU Immonen R; Hämäläinen T
TC 66
SO J SENSORS
PY 2022
AB We use 250 billion microcontrollers daily in electronic devices that are
   capable of running machine learning models inside them.  Unfortunately, most
   of these microcontrollers are highly constrained in terms of computational
   resources, such as memory usage or clock speed.  These are exactly the same
   resources that play a key role in teaching and running a machine learning
   model with a basic computer.  However, in a microcontroller environment,
   constrained resources make a critical difference.  Therefore, a new paradigm
   known as tiny machine learning had to be created to meet the constrained
   requirements of the embedded devices.  In this review, we discuss the
   resource optimization challenges of tiny machine learning and different
   methods, such as quantization, pruning, and clustering, that can be used to
   overcome these resource difficulties.  Furthermore, we summarize the present
   state of tiny machine learning frameworks, libraries, development
   environments, and tools.  The benchmarking of tiny machine learning devices
   is another thing to be concerned about; these same constraints of the
   microcontrollers and diversity of hardware and software turn to benchmark
   challenges that must be resolved before it is possible to measure
   performance differences reliably between embedded devices.  We also discuss
   emerging techniques and approaches to boost and expand the tiny machine
   learning process and improve data privacy and security.  In the end, we form
   a conclusion about tiny machine learning and its future development.  © 2022
   Riku Immonen and Timo Hämäläinen.
ID benchmarking; controllers; data privacy; machine learning; clock speed;
   computational resources; constrained resources; electronics devices;
   embedded device; machine learning models; machine learning; memory clocks;
   memory usage; resources optimization; microcontrollers

---

UT 1451
AR Giordano M, 2022, IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS, V71, DOI 10.1109/TIM.2022.3165816
TI Design and Performance Evaluation of an Ultralow-Power Smart IoT Device With
   Embedded TinyML for Asset Activity Monitoring
AU Giordano M; Baumann N; Crabolu M; Fischer R; Bellusci G; Magno M
TC 59
SO IEEE TRANS INSTRUM MEAS
PY 2022
AB This article proposes a proof-of-concept device to continuously assess the
   usage of handheld power tools and detect construction working tasks (e.g.,
   different drilling works) along with potential misusages, e.g., drops, with
   an energy-efficient architecture design.  The designed device is based on
   Bluetooth low energy (BLE) and NFC connectivity.  BLE is used to exchange
   data with a gateway, whereas NFC has been chosen as an energy-efficient
   wake-up mechanism.  A temperature and humidity sensor is embedded to monitor
   storage conditions and an accelerometer for tool usage monitoring.  The ARM
   Cortex-M4 core embedded in the BLE module is exploited to process the
   information at the edge.  A Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) algorithm is
   proposed to process the data directly on board and achieve low latency and
   high energy efficiency.  The TinyML algorithm has been developed embedded in
   the proposed device to detect four different usage classes (tool
   transportation, no-load, metal, and wood drilling). A dataset containing
   more than 280 min of three-axis accelerations during different activities
   has been acquired with the device attached to a construction rotary hammer
   drill and used to train and validate the algorithm.  A neural architecture
   search has been performed to optimize the trade-off between accuracy and
   complexity, achieving an accuracy of 90.6% with a model size of roughly 30
   kB. The experimental results showed an ultralow power consumption in sleep
   mode of 550 nA and a peak power consumption of 8 mA while running TinyML on
   the edge.  This results in a balanced combination of edge processing
   capabilities and low power consumption, enabling to obtain a smart Internet
   of Things (IoT) device in the field with a long lifetime of up to four years
   in operation and 17 years in shelf mode with a standard 250-mAh coin
   battery.  This work enables a long battery lifetime operation of device
   degradation and utility analysis, further closing the gap between edge
   processing and fine granularity data evaluation.  © 1963-2012 IEEE.
DE asset management; condition monitoring; construction 40; energy efficiency;
   low power design; smart sensors; tool usage monitoring; wireless sensor
   networks
ID condition monitoring; digital storage; economic and social effects; electric
   batteries; electric power supplies to apparatus; electric power utilization;
   gateways ( computer networks ); internet of things; learning systems; low
   power electronics; network architecture; smart sensors; wireless sensor
   networks; assets management; construction 40; design evaluation; low power
   design; lower energies; machine learning algorithms; machine learning;
   performances evaluation; tool usage monitoring; tool usages; energy
   efficiency

---

UT 1390
AR Andrade P, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22103838
TI A TinyML Soft-Sensor Approach for Low-Cost Detection and Monitoring of
   Vehicular Emissions
AU Andrade P; Silva I; Silva M; Flores T; Cassiano J; Costa DG
TC 58
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB Vehicles are the major source of air pollution in modern cities, emitting
   excessive levels of CO2 and other noxious gases.  Exploiting the OBD-II
   interface available on most vehicles, the continuous emission of such
   pollutants can be indirectly measured over time, although accuracy has been
   an important design issue when performing this task due the nature of the
   retrieved data.  In this scenario, soft-sensor approaches can be adopted to
   process engine combustion data such as fuel injection and mass air flow,
   processing them to estimate pollution and transmitting the results for
   further analyses.  Therefore, this article proposes a soft-sensor solution
   based on an embedded system designed to retrieve data from vehicles through
   their OBD-II interface, processing different inputs to provide estimated
   values of CO2 emissions over time.  According to the type of data provided
   by the vehicle, two different algorithms are defined, and each follows a
   comprehensive mathematical formulation.  Moreover, an unsupervised TinyML
   approach is also derived to remove outliers data when processing the
   computed data stream, improving the accuracy of the soft sensor as a whole
   while not requiring any interaction with cloud-based servers to operate.
   Initial results for an embedded implementation on the Freematics ONE+ board
   have shown the proposal’s feasibility with an acquisition frequency equal to
   1Hz and emission granularity measure of gCO2/km.  © 2022 by the authors.
   Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE air pollution; internet of intelligent vehicles; internet of things; obd-ii;
   soft-sensor; tinyml
ID air pollution; carbon dioxide; costs; data handling; estimation; internet of
   things; continuous emission; design issues; internet of intelligent vehicle;
   low-costs; noxious gas; obd-ii; process engines; soft sensors; tinyml;
   vehicular emission; vehicles

---

UT 1472
AR Kocacinar B, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P63496, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3182055
TI A Real-Time CNN-Based Lightweight Mobile Masked Face Recognition System
AU Kocacinar B; Tas B; Akbulut FP; Catal C; Mishra D
TC 49
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB Due to the global spread of the Covid-19 virus and its variants, new needs
   and problems have emerged during the pandemic that deeply affects our lives.
   Wearing masks as the most effective measure to prevent the spread and
   transmission of the virus has brought various security vulnerabilities.
   Today we are going through times when wearing a mask is part of our lives,
   thus, it is very important to identify individuals who violate this rule.
   Besides, this pandemic makes the traditional biometric authentication
   systems less effective in many cases such as facial security checks, gated
   community access control, and facial attendance.  So far, in the area of
   masked face recognition, a small number of contributions have been
   accomplished.  It is definitely imperative to enhance the recognition
   performance of the traditional face recognition methods on masked faces.
   Existing masked face recognition approaches are mostly performed based on
   deep learning models that require plenty of samples.  Nevertheless, there
   are not enough image datasets containing a masked face.  As such, the main
   objective of this study is to identify individuals who do not use masks or
   use them incorrectly and to verify their identity by building a masked face
   dataset.  On this basis, a novel real-time masked detection service and face
   recognition mobile application was developed based on an ensemble of fine-
   tuned lightweight deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). The proposed
   model achieves 90.40% validation accuracy using 12 individuals- 1849 face
   samples.  Experiments on the five datasets built in this research
   demonstrate that the proposed system notably enhances the performance of
   masked face recognition compared to the other state-of-the-art approaches.
   © 2022 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural networks; deep learning; fine tuning; masked face
   recognition; tinyml; transfer learning
ID access control; convolution; deep neural networks; face recognition;
   viruses; convolutional neural network; coronaviruses; deep learning;
   features extraction; fine tuning; masked face recognition; pandemic; tinyml;
   transfer learning; covid-19

---

UT 1026
AR Nicolas C, 2022, INT CONF UBIQUITOUS FUTUR NETW ICUFN, V2022-July, P256, DOI
   10.1109/ICUFN55119.2022.9829675
TI TinyML Smart Sensor for Energy Saving in Internet of Things Precision
   Agriculture platform
AU Nicolas C; Naila B; Amar R-C
TC 48
SO INT CONF UBIQUITOUS FUTUR NETW ICUFN
PY 2022
AB Smart agriculture researchers bring numerous tools and prospects to the farm
   ecosystem to improve its productivity and, mainly, its sustainability.
   Artificial Intelligence (AI) is widely used in precision agriculture as
   Internet of Things (IoT) technologies have brought a huge volume of data to
   exploit to provide useful insights for farmers such as weather prediction,
   pest development detection, or harvest time estimation.  AI algorithms are
   mostly executed in the cloud due to their inherent computing constraints,
   thus requiring the different sensors to offload their data to the
   appropriate server.  Depending on the amount and volume of data exchanged,
   the need for computer offloading may induce privacy, security, and latency
   issues in addition to weighting on the sensor's battery consumption as
   wireless transmission methods have a high-energy demand.  To overcome this
   difficulty, recent research has tried to bring AI computation closer to the
   end device with edge or fog computing and more recently with the Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML) paradigm that aims to embed the AI algorithm
   directly into the sensor's microcontroller.  In that context, this paper
   proposes a prototype of smart sensor capable of detecting fruits presence
   with TinyML. We then study the energy consumption of our system in different
   IoT scenarios.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE agriculture; ai ( artificial intelligence ); iot ( internet of things );
   lorawan; smart farming; tinyml
ID computation offloading; electronic data interchange; energy conservation;
   energy utilization; fog computing; machine learning; precision agriculture;
   smart city; artificial intelligence; artificial intelligence algorithms;
   energy  savings; energy-savings; internet of thing; lorawan; machine
   learning; precision agriculture; smart farming; tiny machine learning;
   internet of things

---

UT 1280
AR Kopparapu K, 2022, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P79, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops53856.2022.9767250
TI TinyFedTL: Federated Transfer Learning on Ubiquitous Tiny IoT Devices
AU Kopparapu K; Lin E; Breslin JG; Sudharsan B
TC 47
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2022
AB TinyML refers to the intersection of machine learning (ML), mathematical
   optimization, and tiny IoT embedded systems.  In the current era of
   ubiquitous connectivity and pervasive data, TinyML has emerged as an
   effective method to continuously analyze real-world data without the
   resource overhead of traditional ML hardware.  However, as valuable data
   around us is subjected to strict privacy and security guarantees, there is a
   distinct lack of ML solutions that operate under both constrained computing
   environments and privacy concerns.In light of these challenges, we present
   TinyFedTL1, the first open-sourced implementation of federated learning (FL)
   at the most resource-constrained level in IoT containing microcontroller
   unit (MCU) and small CPU based devices.  Using transfer learning (TL) as a
   representative task, we demonstrate that privacy-centric FL on devices with
   a tiny memory footprint (less than 1MB) is not only possible but also
   effective.  Researchers and engineers can use TinyFedTL to open up data
   across various fields that can be used to gain insights for improving
   quality of life or user experience without sacrificing privacy.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE federated learning; tinyml; transfer learning
ID data privacy; embedded systems; optimization; current; constrained computing
   environment; embedded-system; federated learning; machine learning;
   mathematical optimizations; privacy and security; real-world; tinyml;
   transfer learning; internet of things

---

UT 1481
AR Jain R, 2022, ROBOT, V40, P2567, DOI 10.1017/S026357472100179X
TI Stride segmentation of inertial sensor data using statistical methods for
   different walking activities
AU Jain R; Semwal VB; Kaushik P
TC 46
SO ROBOT
PY 2022
AB Human gait data can be collected using inertial measurement units (IMUs). An
   IMU is an electronic device that uses an accelerometer and gyroscope to
   capture three-axial linear acceleration and three-axial angular velocity.
   The data so collected are time series in nature.  The major challenge
   associated with these data is the segmentation of signal samples into
   stride-specific information,that is, individual gait cycles.  One empirical
   approach for stride segmentation is based on timestamps.  However,
   timestamping is a manual technique, and it requires a timing device and a
   fixed laboratory set-up which usually restricts its applicability outside of
   the laboratory.  In this study, we have proposed an automatic technique for
   stride segmentation of accelerometry data for three different walking
   activities.  The autocorrelation function (ACF) is utilized for the
   identification of stride boundaries.  Identification and extraction of
   stride-specific data are done by devising a concept of tuning parameter
   which is based on minimum standard deviation . Rigorous experimentation is
   done on human activities and postural transition and Osaka University -
   Institute of Scientific and Industrial Research gait inertial sensor
   datasets.  Obtained mean stride duration for level walking, walking
   upstairs, and walking downstairs is 1.1, 1.19, and 1.02 s with 95%
   confidence interval [1.08, 1.12], [1.15, 1.22], and [0.97, 1.07],
   respectively, which is on par with standard findings reported in the
   literature.  Limitations of accelerometry and ACF are also discussed.
   stride segmentation; human activity recognition; accelerometry; gait
   parameter estimation; gait cycle; inertial measurement unit; autocorrelation
   function; wearable sensors; IoT; edge computing; tinyML.  Copyright © The
   Author(s), 2022. Published by Cambridge University Press.
DE accelerometry; autocorrelation function; edge computing; gait cycle; gait
   parameter estimation; human activity recognition; inertial measurement unit;
   iot; stride segmentation; tinyml; wearable sensors
ID accelerometers; gait analysis; industrial research; internet of things;
   pattern recognition; wearable sensors; accelerometry; autocorrelation
   functions; edge computing; gait cycles; gait parameter estimation; gait
   parameters; human activity recognition; inertial measurements units;
   parameters estimation; stride segmentation; tinyml; parameter estimation

---

UT 1272
AR Janbi N, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22051854
TI Imtidad: A Reference Architecture and a Case Study on Developing Distributed
   AI Services for Skin Disease Diagnosis over Cloud, Fog and Edge
AU Janbi N; Mehmood R; Katib I; Albeshri A; Corchado JM; Yigitcanlar T
TC 44
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB Several factors are motivating the development of preventive, personalized,
   connected, virtual, and ubiquitous healthcare services.  These factors
   include declining public health, increase in chronic diseases, an ageing
   population, rising healthcare costs, the need to bring intelligence near the
   user for privacy, security, performance, and costs reasons, as well as
   COVID-19. Motivated by these drivers, this paper proposes, implements, and
   evaluates a reference architecture called Imtidad that provides Distributed
   Artificial Intelligence (AI) as a Service (DAIaaS) over cloud, fog, and edge
   using a service catalog case study containing 22 AI skin disease diagnosis
   services.  These services belong to four service classes that are
   distinguished based on software platforms (containerized gRPC, gRPC,
   Android, and Android Nearby) and are executed on a range of hardware
   platforms (Google Cloud, HP Pavilion Laptop, NVIDIA Jetson nano, Raspberry
   Pi Model B, Samsung Galaxy S9, and Samsung Galaxy Note 4) and four network
   types (Fiber, Cellular, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth). The AI models for the
   diagnosis include two standard Deep Neural Networks and two Tiny AI deep
   models to enable their execution at the edge, trained and tested using
   10,015 real-life dermatoscopic images.  The services are evaluated using
   several benchmarks including model service value, response time, energy
   consumption, and network transfer time.  A DL service on a local smartphone
   provides the best service in terms of both energy and speed, followed by a
   Raspberry Pi edge device and a laptop in fog.  The services are designed to
   enable different use cases, such as patient diagnosis at home or sending
   diagnosis requests to travelling medical professionals through a fog device
   or cloud.  This is the pioneering work that provides a reference
   architecture and such a detailed implementation and treatment of DAIaaS
   services, and is also expected to have an extensive impact on developing
   smart distributed service infrastructures for healthcare and other sectors.
   © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE cloud computing; distributed ai as a service ( daiaas ); edge computing; fog
   computing; healthcare; reference architecture; skin disease diagnosis; smart
   cities; smart healthcare; smart societies; tensorflow; tiny ai; tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; covid-19; humans; sars-cov-2; skin diseases;
   software; computer architecture; deep neural networks; drones; edge
   computing; energy utilization; fog; mhealth; mobile security; network
   architecture; smart city; smartphones; wi-fi; cloud computing; disease
   diagnosis; distributed artificial intelligence; distributed artificial
   intelligence as a service; edge computing; reference architecture; skin
   disease; skin disease diagnose; smart healthcare; smart society; tensorflow;
   tiny artificial intelligence; tinyml; artificial intelligence; human; skin
   disease; software; fog computing

---

UT 1254
AR Manor E, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P73484, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3189776
TI Custom Hardware Inference Accelerator for TensorFlow Lite for
   Microcontrollers
AU Manor E; Greenberg S
TC 40
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB In recent years, the need for the efficient deployment of Neural Networks
   (NN) on edge devices has been steadily increasing.  However, the high
   computational demand required for Machine Learning (ML) inference on tiny
   microcontroller-based IoT devices avoids a direct software deployment on
   such resource-constrained edge devices.  Therefore, various custom and
   application-specific NN hardware accelerators have been proposed to enable
   real-time Machine Learning (ML) inference on low-power and resource-limited
   edge devices.  Efficient mapping of the computational load onto hardware and
   software resources is a key challenge for performance improvement while
   keeping low power and a low area footprint.  High performance and yet low
   power embedded processors may be attained via the usage of hardware
   acceleration.  This paper presents an efficient hardware-software framework
   to accelerate machine learning inference on edge devices using a modified
   TensorFlow Lite for Microcontroller (TFLM) model running on a
   Microcontroller (MCU) and a dedicated Neural Processing Unit (NPU) custom
   hardware accelerator, referred to as MCU-NPU. The proposed framework
   supports weight compression of pruned quantized NN models and exploits the
   pruned model sparsity to reduce computational complexity further.  The
   proposed methodology has been evaluated by employing the MCU-NPU
   acceleration for various TFLM-based NN architectures using the common MLPerf
   Tiny benchmark.  Experimental results demonstrate a significant speedup of
   up to 724x compared to a pure software implementation.  For example, the
   resulting runtime for the CIFAR-10 classification is reduced from about 20
   sec to only 37 ms using the proposed hardware acceleration.  Moreover, the
   proposed hardware accelerator outperforms all the reference models optimized
   for edge devices in terms of inference runtime.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE hardware-software codesign; neural-processing unit; tensorflow lite for
   microcontrollers; tinyml
ID acceleration; computational efficiency; computer programming; computer
   software; controllers; hardware-software codesign; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; computational modeling; hardware acceleration;
   hardware/software codesign; kernel; neural-processing unit; neural-
   processing; processing units; software; tensorflow lite for microcontroller;
   tinyml; neural networks

---

UT 1310
AR Liu H/4, 2022, IEEE TRANS VEH TECHNOL, V71, P6795, DOI
   10.1109/TVT.2022.3163786
TI Tiny Machine Learning (Tiny-ML) for Efficient Channel Estimation and Signal
   Detection
AU Liu H/4; Wei Z; Zhang H/5; Li B/1; Zhao C/1
TC 40
SO IEEE TRANS VEH TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Machine learning has provided great potential in intelligent signal
   processing, e.g., channel estimation and signal detection.  But still, it is
   difficult to deploy deep neural network (DNN) on low-cost and low-power edge
   devices, e.g., in both training and inference phases.  For one thing, the
   training of massive network parameters incurs a huge computational
   complexity and rarely becomes feasible; and for another, even a trained DNN
   involves still high computations and demands considerable storage size.  In
   this work, we present a tiny machine learning (Tiny-ML) approach for
   hardware-efficient channel estimation and signal detection.  The key
   innovation of our Tiny-ML is that we replace each large dense layer of DNN
   with three small cascading sub-layers; and therefore, the
   computation/storage of a large matrix is replaced with that of small ones.
   To enable the lightweight training of our Tiny-ML, a novel rank-restricted
   back-propagation algorithm is further designed.  Numerical simulations
   demonstrate the advantages of our new method.  Without sacrificing the
   estimation and detection accuracy, our Tiny-ML attains an acceleration of
   2.5∼\3\× in model training and ∼\4.5×in model inference, as well as a
   substantial storage reduction of ∼4.5×, when compared to classical fully-
   connected (FC) DNN. As such, our method paves the way for deploying tiny AI
   onto low-cost and low-power hardware devices, thereby exploiting the full
   potential of intelligent signal processing.  © 1967-2012 IEEE.
DE hardware-efficient; intelligent signal processing; lightweight; tinyml
ID channel estimation; computational efficiency; deep neural networks; low
   power electronics; numerical methods; computational modeling; hardware-
   efficient; intelligence signal processing; lightweight; machine learning;
   signal processing algorithms; signal detections; signal processing; tiny
   machine learning; signal detection

---

UT 1163
AR Paissan F, 2022, ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST, V21, DOI 10.1145/3510832
TI PhiNets: A Scalable Backbone for Low-power AI at the Edge
AU Paissan F; Ancilotto A; Farella E
TC 37
SO ACM TRANS EMBED COMPUT SYST
PY 2022
AB In the Internet of Things era, where we see many interconnected and
   heterogeneous mobile and fixed smart devices, distributing the intelligence
   from the cloud to the edge has become a necessity.  Due to limited
   computational and communication capabilities, low memory and limited energy
   budget, bringing artificial intelligence algorithms to peripheral devices,
   such as end-nodes of a sensor network, is a challenging task and requires
   the design of innovative solutions.  In this work, we present PhiNets, a new
   scalable backbone optimized for deep-learning-based image processing on
   resource-constrained platforms.  PhiNets are based on inverted residual
   blocks specifically designed to decouple the computational cost, working
   memory, and parameter memory, thus exploiting all available resources for a
   given platform.  With a YoloV2 detection head and Simple Online and Realtime
   Tracking (SORT), the proposed architecture achieves state-of-the-art results
   in (i) detection on the COCO and VOC2012 benchmarks, and (ii) tracking on
   the MOT15 benchmark.  PhiNets obtain a reduction in parameter count of
   around 90% with respect to previous state-of-the-art models (EfficientNetv1,
   MobileNetv2) and achieve better performance with lower computational cost.
   Moreover, we demonstrate our approach on a prototype node based on an
   STM32H743 microcontroller (MCU) with 2 MB of internal Flash and 1MB of RAM
   and achieve power requirements in the order of 10 mW. The code for the
   PhiNets is publicly available on GitHub.1  © 2022 Association for Computing
   Machinery.
DE edge ai; multi-object tracking; neural networks; tinyml
ID budget control; deep learning; flash memory; image processing; random access
   storage; sensor nodes; tracking ( position ); communication capabilities;
   computational capability; computational costs; edge ai; low power; multi-
   object tracking; neural networks; smart devices; state of the art; tinyml;
   constrained optimization

---

UT 1343
AR Ahmed K, 2022, PROC - IEEE INT CONF HEAL INFORMATICS ICHI, P264, DOI
   10.1109/ICHI54592.2022.00047
TI TinyCare: A tinyML-based Low-Cost Continuous Blood Pressure Estimation on
   the Extreme Edge
AU Ahmed K; Hassan M
TC 35
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF HEAL INFORMATICS ICHI
PY 2022
AB We propose a solution that deploys Machine Learning (ML) techniques on
   resource-constrained edge devices (tinyMl)for the healthcare domain.  In
   particular, we construct a complete end-to-end prototyped system that
   conducts ML inference with various ML techniques on microcontroller unit
   (MCU)-powered edge devices to predict blood-pressure-related vital metrics
   such as systolic (SBP), diastolic (DBP), and mean arterial (MAP) blood
   pressures using electrocardiogram (ECG) and photoplethysmogram (PPG)
   sensors.  The proposed solution is trained and tested using over 500 hours
   of 12, 000 real intensive care unit data instances.  Despite running on an
   extremely limited computation, power and memory budget, the proposed
   solution achieves comparable results to server-based state-of-the-art
   solutions.  Furthermore, it meets the British Hypertension Society (BHS)
   standard for grade B (C in extremely-constrained devices). This is achieved
   by careful investigation of the correlation between a wide-set of ECG and
   PPG features and BP. Afterwards, we compress the ML inference models by only
   incorporating the minimal features that meet i) the edge constraints from
   one side, and ii) the standard's acceptable accuracy from the other side.
   Unlike existing solutions, the inference is entirely conducted on MCU-based
   edge devices without depending on any cloud-based infrastructure.  Hence,
   the proposed solution improves robustness, accessibility, reliability,
   security, as well as data privacy.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE blood pressure; bp; dbp; ecg; edge; machine learning; monitoring; ppg;
   regression; sbp; tinyml
ID blood; blood pressure; budget control; costs; data privacy; intensive care
   units; machine learning; microcontrollers; bp; dbp; edge; machine learning
   techniques; machine learning; microcontroller unit; photoplethysmogram;
   regression; sbp; tinyml; electrocardiograms

---

UT 1017
AR Rana A, 2022, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN POWER TECHNOL IC3P, P119, DOI
   10.1109/IC3P52835.2022.00032
TI Cough Detection System using TinyML
AU Rana A; Dhiman Y; Anand R/1
TC 34
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT COMMUN POWER TECHNOL IC3P
PY 2022
AB In this research paper, a system for the detection of cough is made with
   Edge Impulse Studio and Arduino 33 BLE Sense.  It is able to distinguish
   between actual cough and a general undesired signal in the background.  Edge
   Impulse Studio has been utilized in this article for training a large
   dataset of the various samples for cough as well as undesired noise.  A
   highly efficient & machine learning based TinyML model is designed for
   determining the resonance of Cough on instantaneous basis.  The proposed
   system has been found to achieve almost 97% accuracy of recognition.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE cough detection; dataset; machine learning; noise; tinyml
ID large dataset; machine learning; cough detection; dataset; detection system;
   efficient learning; large datasets; machine learning; noise; research
   papers; tinyml; studios

---

UT 1099
AR Datta G, 2022, SCI REP, V12, DOI 10.1038/s41598-022-17934-1
TI A processing-in-pixel-in-memory paradigm for resource-constrained TinyML
   applications
AU Datta G; Kundu S; Yin Z; Lakkireddy RT; Mathai J; Jacob AP; Beerel PA;
   Jaiswal AR
TC 34
SO SCI REP
PY 2022
AB The demand to process vast amounts of data generated from state-of-the-art
   high resolution cameras has motivated novel energy-efficient on-device AI
   solutions.  Visual data in such cameras are usually captured in analog
   voltages by a sensor pixel array, and then converted to the digital domain
   for subsequent AI processing using analog-to-digital converters (ADC).
   Recent research has tried to take advantage of massively parallel low-power
   analog/digital computing in the form of near- and in-sensor processing, in
   which the AI computation is performed partly in the periphery of the pixel
   array and partly in a separate on-board CPU/accelerator.  Unfortunately,
   high-resolution input images still need to be streamed between the camera
   and the AI processing unit, frame by frame, causing energy, bandwidth, and
   security bottlenecks.  To mitigate this problem, we propose a novel
   Processing-in-Pixel-in-memory (P2M) paradigm, that customizes the pixel
   array by adding support for analog multi-channel, multi-bit convolution,
   batch normalization, and Rectified Linear Units (ReLU). Our solution
   includes a holistic algorithm-circuit co-design approach and the resulting
   P2M paradigm can be used as a drop-in replacement for embedding memory-
   intensive first few layers of convolutional neural network (CNN) models
   within foundry-manufacturable CMOS image sensor platforms.  Our experimental
   results indicate that P2M reduces data transfer bandwidth from sensors and
   analog to digital conversions by ∼21×, and the energy-delay product (EDP)
   incurred in processing a MobileNetV2 model on a TinyML use case for visual
   wake words dataset (VWW) by up to ∼11× compared to standard near-processing
   or in-sensor implementations, without any significant drop in test accuracy.
   © 2022, The Author(s).
ID algorithms; neural networks computer; algorithm

---

UT 1120
AR Giordano M, 2022, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST
   AICAS, P94, DOI 10.1109/AICAS54282.2022.9870017
TI Survey and Comparison of Milliwatts Micro controllers for Tiny Machine
   Learning at the Edge
AU Giordano M; Piccinelli L; Magno M
TC 30
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS
PY 2022
AB Low power Internet of Things devices are growing in number and computational
   capabilities, pushing to ubiquitous deployment of smart sensors that embed
   on board both the sensing and the processing.  Thus, one of the most
   emerging requirements of such devices is to provide intelligence in
   resource-constrained processors that consume few milliwatts of power.  This
   work focuses on surveying, comparing and evaluating seven different recent
   and popular microcontrollers with a power envelope from a few up to hundreds
   of milliwatts against a Convolutional Neural Networks workload for a non
   trivial task such as face recognition.  The evaluation reports key points of
   tiny machine learning performance of the target microcontrollers in terms of
   inference time, power consumption, energy per inference and computational
   efficiency.  Experimental results highlight best-in-class power consumption
   for Ambiq Apollo3 and Sony Spresense at 41.3 μW/MHz and 128.2 μW/MHz
   respectively.  The computational efficiency primacy goes instead to the
   MAX78000 and then to xCORE.ai at 117 MAC/cycle and 7.69 MAC/cycle
   respectively, achieving the fastest inference at 1.4 ms and 1.5 ms
   respectively.  The platforms that required the least energy per inference
   were the MAX78000 and GAP8, at 0.09 mJ/inference and 0.52 mJ/inference
   respectively.  The benchmarked tinyML network will be released openly to
   allow other researchers to run future comparisons on novel low power
   microprocessors.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE benchmark; cnn; comparison; low power; survey; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; controllers; convolutional neural networks;
   electric power utilization; energy efficiency; face recognition; low power
   electronics; machine learning; microcontrollers; benchmark; comparison;
   computational capability; convolutional neural network; low power; machine
   learning; microcontroller; non-trivial tasks; power; tinyml; surveys

---

UT 1065
AR Salazar C, 2022, REMOTE SENS, V14, DOI 10.3390/rs14215597
TI Cloud Detection Autonomous System Based on Machine Learning and COTS
   Components On-Board Small Satellites
AU Salazar C; Gonzalez-Llorente J; Cardenas L; Mendez J; Rincon S; Rodriguez-
   Ferreira J; Acero IF
TC 27
SO REMOTE SENS
PY 2022
AB One of the main applications of small satellites is Earth observation.
   CubeSats and different kinds of nanosatellites usually form constellations
   that obtain images mainly using an optical payload.  There is a massive
   amount of data generated by these satellites and a limited capacity of
   download due to volume and mass constraints that make it difficult to use
   high-speed communication systems and high-power systems.  For this reason,
   it is important to develop satellites with the autonomy to process data on
   board.  In this way, the limited communication channel can be used
   efficiently to download relevant images containing the required information.
   In this paper, a system for the satellite on-board processing of RGB images
   is proposed, which automatically detects the cloud coverage level to
   prioritize the images and effectively uses the download time and the mission
   operation center.  The system implements a Convolutional Neural Network
   (CNN) on a Commercial off-the-Shelf (COTS) microcontroller that receives the
   image and returns the cloud level (priority). After training, the system was
   tested on a dataset of 100 images with an accuracy of 0.9 and it was also
   evaluated with CubeSat images to evaluate the performance of a different
   image sensor.  This implementation contributes to the development of
   autonomous satellites with processing on board.  © 2022 by the authors.
DE ai on-the-edge; convolutional neural networks; cubesat; edge processing;
   machine learning; on-board processing; small satellites; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; image processing; machine components;
   nanosatellites; software packages; ai on-the-edge; cloud detection;
   convolutional neural network; cubesat; edge processing; machine learning;
   on-board processing; on-machines; small-satellite; tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1385
AR Sudharsan B, 2022, IEEE INTERNET COMPUT, V26, P69, DOI
   10.1109/MIC.2021.3133552
TI OTA-TinyML: Over the Air Deployment of TinyML Models and Execution on IoT
   Devices
AU Sudharsan B; Breslin JG; Tahir M; Ali MI; Rana O; Dustdar S; Ranjan R
TC 26
SO IEEE INTERNET COMPUT
PY 2022
AB This article presents a novel over-the-air (OTA) technique to remotely
   deploy tiny ML models over Internet of Things (IoT) devices and perform
   tasks, such as machine learning (ML) model updates, firmware reflashing,
   reconfiguration, or repurposing.  We discuss relevant challenges for OTA ML
   deployment over IoT both at the scientific and engineering level.  We
   propose OTA-TinyML to enable resource-constrained IoT devices to perform
   end-to-end fetching, storage, and execution of many TinyML models.  OTA-
   TinyML loads the C source file of ML models from a web server into the
   embedded IoT devices via HTTPS. OTA-TinyML is tested by performing remote
   fetching of six types of ML models, storing them on four types of memory
   units, then loading and executing on seven popular MCU boards.  © 1997-2012
   IEEE.
ID firmware; http; learning systems; embedded internet; end to end; machine
   learning models; machine learning; memory units; model updates; over the
   airs; repurposing; source files; web servers; internet of things

---

UT 1115
AR Xu K, 2022, PROC AAAI CONF ARTIF INTELL AAAI, V36, P4628, DOI
   10.1609/aaai.v36i4.20387
TI EtinyNet: Extremely Tiny Network for TinyML
AU Xu K; Li Y/4; Zhang H/1; Lai R; Gu L
TC 23
SO PROC AAAI CONF ARTIF INTELL AAAI
PY 2022
AB There are many AI applications in high-income countries because their
   implementation depends on expensive GPU cards (∼2000$) and reliable power
   supply (∼200W). To deploy AI in resource-poor settings on cheaper (∼20$) and
   low-power devices (<1W), key modifications are required to adapt neural
   networks for Tiny machine learning (TinyML). In this paper, for putting CNNs
   into storage limited devices, we developed efficient tiny models with only
   hundreds of KB parameters.  Toward this end, we firstly design a parameter-
   efficient tiny architecture by introducing dense linear depthwise block.
   Then, a novel adaptive scale quantization (ASQ) method is proposed for
   further quantizing tiny models in aggressive low-bit while retaining the
   accuracy.  With the optimized architecture and 4-bit ASQ, we present a
   family of ultra-lightweight networks, named EtinyNet, that achieves 57.0%
   ImageNet top-1 accuracy with an extremely tiny model size of 340KB. When
   deployed on an off-the-shelf commercial microcontroller for object detection
   tasks, EtinyNet achieves state-of-the-art 56.4% mAP on Pascal VOC.
   Furthermore, the experimental results on Xilinx compact FPGA indicate that
   EtinyNet achieves prominent low power of 620mW, about 5.6 × lower than
   existing FPGA designs.  The code and demo are in
   https://github.com/aztc/EtinyNet.  Copyright © 2022, Association for the
   Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (www.aaai.org). All rights reserved.
ID artificial intelligence; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); network
   architecture; object detection; adaptive scale; ai applications; key
   modifications; limited devices; low power devices; machine learning; neural
   networks; optimized architectures; quantization; reliable power supply; low
   power electronics

---

UT 1259
AR De Leon JD, 2022, ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC,
   V2022-May, P3963, DOI 10.1109/ICASSP43922.2022.9746843
TI DEPTH PRUNING WITH AUXILIARY NETWORKS FOR TINYML
AU De Leon JD; Atienza R
TC 22
SO ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2022
AB Pruning is a neural network optimization technique that sacrifices accuracy
   in exchange for lower computational requirements.  Pruning has been useful
   when working with extremely constrained environments in tinyML.
   Unfortunately, special hardware requirements and limited study on its
   effectiveness on already compact models prevent its wider adoption.  Depth
   pruning is a form of pruning that requires no specialized hardware but
   suffers from a large accuracy falloff.  To improve this, we propose a
   modification that utilizes a highly efficient auxiliary network as an
   effective interpreter of intermediate feature maps.  Our results show a
   parameter reduction of 93% on the MLPerfTiny Visual Wakewords (VWW) task and
   28% on the Keyword Spotting (KWS) task with accuracy cost of 0.65% and 1.06%
   respectively.  When evaluated on a Cortex-M0 microcontroller, our proposed
   method reduces the VWW model size by 4.7× and latency by 1.6× while counter
   intuitively gaining 1% accuracy.  KWS model size on Cortex-M0 was also
   reduced by 1.2× and latency by 1.2× at the cost of 2.21% accuracy.  © 2022
   IEEE
DE optimization; pruning; tinyml
ID auxiliary network; computational requirements; cortexes; keyword spotting;
   model size; neural network optimization; optimizations; optimization
   techniques; pruning; tinyml

---

UT 1425
AR Barbariol T, 2022, SCI, V610, P126, DOI 10.1016/j.ins.2022.07.129
TI TiWS-iForest: Isolation forest in weakly supervised and tiny ML scenarios
AU Barbariol T; Susto GA
TC 22
SO SCI
PY 2022
AB Unsupervised anomaly detection tackles the problem of finding anomalies
   inside datasets without the labels availability; since data tagging is
   typically hard or expensive to obtain, such approaches have seen huge
   applicability in recent years.  In this context, Isolation Forest is a
   popular algorithm able to define an anomaly score by means of an ensemble of
   peculiar trees called isolation trees.  These are built using a random
   partitioning procedure that is extremely fast and cheap to train.  However,
   we find that the standard algorithm might be improved in terms of memory
   requirements, latency and performances; this is of particular importance in
   low resources scenarios and in TinyML implementations on ultra-constrained
   microprocessors.  Moreover, Anomaly Detection approaches currently do not
   take advantage of weak supervisions: being typically consumed in Decision
   Support Systems, feedback from the users, even if rare, can be a valuable
   source of information that is currently unexplored.  Beside showing iForest
   training limitations, we propose here TiWS-iForest, an approach that, by
   leveraging weak supervision is able to reduce Isolation Forest complexity
   and to enhance detection performances.  We showed the effectiveness of TiWS-
   iForest on real word datasets and we share the code in a public repository
   to enhance reproducibility.  © 2022 Elsevier Inc.
DE anomaly detection; decision support systems; isolation forest; outlier
   detection; tinyml; weakly supervised
ID artificial intelligence; decision support systems; forestry; anomaly
   detection; data tagging; isolation forest; memory latencies; memory
   requirements; outlier detection; standard algorithms; tinyml; unsupervised
   anomaly detection; weakly supervised; anomaly detection

---

UT 1013
AR Antonini M, 2022, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC,
   P397, DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT54413.2022.9831517
TI A TinyML approach to non-repudiable anomaly detection in extreme industrial
   environments
AU Antonini M; Pincheira M; Vecchio M; Antonelli F
TC 21
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC
PY 2022
AB Unforeseen failures of industrial assets may lead to unexpected downtime
   with a huge impact on critical business processes.  Therefore, modern assets
   usually include several embedded sensors and processing units, allowing to
   monitor certain operational parameters, i.e., Condition Monitoring.  The
   sensed data can be later analyzed using Machine Learning (ML) approaches to
   detect anomalies and anticipate failures.  Furthermore, the Internet of
   Things can provide the tools to extend Condition Monitoring to legacy assets
   that do not have onboard sensing capabilities.  In general, these IoT
   devices offer the opportunity to move ML processing closer to the monitored
   asset, thus reducing costs and simplifying the anomaly detection system.
   However, extreme industrial environments present harsh operating conditions
   and limited resources, further exacerbated by the reduced computation
   capabilities of most IoT devices.  This paper proposes an ML-based anomaly
   detection system that uses a retrofitting kit based on a constrained and
   cost-effective IoT device.  Despite its limited resources, the latter
   executes a state-of-the-art unsupervised anomaly detection algorithm
   locally, autonomously learning the normality behavior of the monitored
   asset.  Furthermore, to improve the transparency of the monitoring process,
   we propose to leverage blockchain technology as a non-repudiable repository
   of information, also assessing the impact of such implementation choice in
   terms of costs and overhead.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE anomaly detection; blockchain; condition monitoring; internet of things;
   machine learning; tinyml
ID anomaly detection; blockchain; condition monitoring; cost effectiveness;
   machine learning; anomaly detection; anomaly detection systems; blockchain;
   business process; critical business; embedded processing; embedded sensors;
   industrial environments; machine learning; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1024
AR Yadav SS, 2022, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2022-May, P2414, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS48785.2022.9937293
TI tinyRadar: mmWave Radar based Human Activity Classification for Edge
   Computing
AU Yadav SS; Agarwal R; Bharath K; Rao S; Thakur CS/1
TC 21
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2022
AB The rising need for elderly care, child care, and intrusion detection
   challenges the sustainability of traditional systems that depend on in-
   person monitoring and surveillance.  The current state-of-the-art technology
   heavily relies on InfraRed (IR) and camera-based systems, which often
   require cloud computing.  It can lead to higher latency, data theft, and
   privacy issues of being continuously monitored.  This paper proposes a novel
   tiny-ML-based single-chip radar solution for on-edge sensing and detection
   of human activity.  Edge computing within a small form factor solves the
   issue of data theft and privacy concerns as radar provides point cloud
   information.  Also, it can operate in adverse environmental conditions like
   fog, dust, and low light.  This work used the Texas Instruments IWR6843
   millimeter wave (mmWave) radar board to implement signal processing and
   Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for human activity classification.  A
   dataset for four different human activities generalized over six subjects
   was collected to train the 8-bit quantized CNN model.  The real-time
   inference engine implemented on Cortex®-R4F using CMSIS-NN framework has a
   model size of 1.44 KB, gives the classification result after every 120 ms,
   and has an overall subject-independent accuracy of 96.43%. © 2022 IEEE.
DE cmsis-nn; cnn; edge computing; ti mmwave radar iwr6843; tinyml; velocity-
   time map
ID convolutional neural networks; crime; data privacy; intrusion detection;
   radar; signal processing; sustainable development; cmsis-nn; convolutional
   neural network; edge computing; human activities; millimeter-wave radar;
   millimetre-wave radar; ti millimeter-wave radar iwr6843; time maps; tinyml;
   velocity-time map; millimeter waves

---

UT 1303
AR Gkogkidis A, 2022, INT CONF MOD CIRCUITS SYST TECHNOL MOCAST, DOI
   10.1109/MOCAST54814.2022.9837510
TI A TinyML-based system for gas leakage detection
AU Gkogkidis A; Tsoukas V; Papafotikas S; Boumpa E; Kakarountas A
TC 21
SO INT CONF MOD CIRCUITS SYST TECHNOL MOCAST
PY 2022
AB Internet of Things devices are commonly utilized in smart homes to provide
   smart services such as lighting, entertainment, and easy access, but they
   are also employed to warn occupants in the event of an emergency.  Due to
   the computationally intensive nature of existing Neural Network
   implementations, data must be transmitted to the cloud for analysis to
   produce intelligent machines.  TinyML is a promising approach that the
   scientific community has proposed as a method of constructing autonomous and
   secure devices that can collect, analyze, and output data without requiring
   it to be transferred to remote entities.  This work presents a TinyML-based
   system for detecting hazardous gas leaks.  The system may be trained to
   detect irregularities and notify occupants using BLE technology via a
   message sent to their smartphones, as well as through an integrated screen.
   Two different test cases are presented and evaluated via experiments.  For
   the smoke detection test case the system achieved an F1-Score of 0.77,
   whereas for the ammonia test case the evaluation metric of F1-Score is 0.70.
   © 2022 IEEE.
DE constrained hardware; gas detection; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   sensors; tinyml
ID ammonia; automation; gas detectors; intelligent buildings; machine learning;
   smoke; constrained hardware; f1 scores; gas detection; gas leakages; leakage
   detection; machine learning; smart homes; smart services; test case; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1055
AR Ren H, 2022, ACM TRANS INTERNET TECHNOL, V22, DOI 10.1145/3510820
TI Towards Semantic Management of On-Device Applications in Industrial IoT
AU Ren H; Anicic D; A Runkler T
TC 20
SO ACM TRANS INTERNET TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) is revolutionizing the industry.  Powered by
   pervasive embedded devices, the Industrial IoT (IIoT) provides a unique
   solution for retrieving and analyzing data near the source in real-time.
   Many emerging techniques, such as Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and Complex
   Event Processing (CEP), are actively being developed to support decision
   making at the edge, shifting the paradigm from centralized processing to
   distributed computing.  However, distributed computing presents management
   challenges, as IoT devices are diverse and constrained, and their number is
   growing exponentially.  The situation is even more challenging when various
   on-device applications (so-called artifacts) are deployed across
   decentralized IoT networks.  Questions to be addressed include how to
   discover an appropriate function, whether that function can be executed on a
   certain device, and how to orchestrate a cross-platform service.  To tackle
   these challenges, we propose an approach for the scalable management of on-
   device applications among distributed IoT devices.  By leveraging the W3C
   Web of Things (WoT), the capabilities of each IoT device, or more precisely,
   its interaction patterns, can be semantically expressed in a Thing
   Description (TD). In addition, we introduce semantic modeling of on-device
   applications to supplement an TD with additional information regarding
   applications on the device.  Specifically, we demonstrate two examples of
   semantic modeling: neural networks (NN) and CEP rules.  The ontologies are
   evaluated by answering a set of competency questions.  By hosting the
   enriched semantic knowledge of the entire IoT system in a Knowledge Graph
   (KG), we can discover and interoperate edge devices and artifacts across the
   decentralized network.  This can reduce fragmentation and increase the
   reusability of IoT components.  We demonstrate the feasibility of our
   concept on an industrial workstation consisting of a conveyor belt and
   several IoT devices.  Finally, the requirements for constructing an IoT
   semantic management system are discussed.  © 2022 Association for Computing
   Machinery.
DE complex event processing; industrial iot; neural network; semantic
   management; semantic modeling; tiny machine learning
ID complex networks; decision making; internet of things; reusability; semantic
   web; semantics; complex event processing; complex events; device
   application; event processing; industrial internet of thing; machine
   learning; neural networks; semantic modeling; semantics management; tiny
   machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1096
AR Sayan Saha S, 2022, PROC ACM INTERACT MOB WEARABLE UBIQUITOUS TECHNOL, V6,
   DOI 10.1145/3534586
TI Auritus: An Open-Source Optimization Toolkit for Training and Development of
   Human Movement Models and Filters Using Earables
AU Sayan Saha S; Sandha SS; Pei S; Jain V/1; Wang Z/5; Li Y/5; Sarker A;
   Srivastava M
TC 20
SO PROC ACM INTERACT MOB WEARABLE UBIQUITOUS TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Smart ear-worn devices (called earables) are being equipped with various
   onboard sensors and algorithms, transforming earphones from simple audio
   transducers to multi-modal interfaces making rich inferences about human
   motion and vital signals.  However, developing sensory applications using
   earables is currently quite cumbersome with several barriers in the way.
   First, time-series data from earable sensors incorporate information about
   physical phenomena in complex settings, requiring machine-learning (ML)
   models learned from large-scale labeled data.  This is challenging in the
   context of earables because large-scale open-source datasets are missing.
   Secondly, the small size and compute constraints of earable devices make on-
   device integration of many existing algorithms for tasks such as human
   activity and head-pose estimation difficult.  To address these challenges,
   we introduce Auritus, an extendable and open-source optimization toolkit
   designed to enhance and replicate earable applications.  Auritus serves two
   primary functions.  Firstly, Auritus handles data collection, pre-
   processing, and labeling tasks for creating customized earable datasets
   using graphical tools.  The system includes an open-source dataset with 2.43
   million inertial samples related to head and full-body movements, consisting
   of 34 head poses and 9 activities from 45 volunteers.  Secondly, Auritus
   provides a tightly-integrated hardware-in-The-loop (HIL) optimizer and
   TinyML interface to develop lightweight and real-Time machine-learning (ML)
   models for activity detection and filters for head-pose tracking.  To
   validate the utlity of Auritus, we showcase three sample applications,
   namely fall detection, spatial audio rendering, and augmented reality (AR)
   interfacing.  Auritus recognizes activities with 91% leave 1-out test
   accuracy (98% test accuracy) using real-Time models as small as 6-13 kB. Our
   models are 98-740x smaller and 3-6% more accurate over the state-of-The-Art.
   We also estimate head pose with absolute errors as low as 5 degrees using
   20kB filters, achieving up to 1.6x precision improvement over existing
   techniques.  We make the entire system open-source so that researchers and
   developers can contribute to any layer of the system or rapidly prototype
   their applications using our dataset and algorithms.  © 2022 Owner/Author.
DE datasets; earable; filters; hardware-in-the-loop; head-pose; human activity;
   machine learning; network architecture search; neural networks;
   optimization; tinyml
ID hardware-in-the-loop simulation; large dataset; machine learning; network
   architecture; open systems; synthetic apertures; dataset; earable; filter;
   hardware in the loops; head-pose; human activities; machine learning;
   network architecture search; neural networks; optimizations; tinyml;
   augmented reality

---

UT 1220
AR Osman A, 2022, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V866 LNEE, P139, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-95498-7_20
TI TinyML Platforms Benchmarking
AU Osman A; Abid U; Gemma L; Perotto M; Brunelli D
TC 20
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2022
AB Recent advances in state-of-the-art ultra-low power embedded devices for
   machine learning (ML) have permitted a new class of products whose key
   features enable ML capabilities on microcontrollers with less than 1 mW
   power consumption (TinyML). TinyML provides a unique solution by aggregating
   and analyzing data at the edge on low-power embedded devices.  However, we
   have only recently been able to run ML on microcontrollers, and the field is
   still in its infancy, which means that hardware, software, and research are
   changing extremely rapidly.  Consequently, many TinyML frameworks have been
   developed for different platforms to facilitate the deployment of ML models
   and standardize the process.  Therefore, in this paper, we focus on
   benchmarking two popular frameworks: Tensorflow Lite Micro (TFLM) on the
   Arduino Nano BLE and CUBE AI on the STM32-NucleoF401RE to provide a
   standardized framework selection criterion for specific applications.  ©
   2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland
   AG.
DE cube ai; iot; microcontrollers; tensorflow lite micro; tinyml
ID benchmarking; controllers; internet of things; cube ai; embedded device;
   hardware/software; key feature; low power; machine learning models; state of
   the art; tensorflow lite micro; tinyml; ultra-low power; microcontrollers

---

UT 1362
AR Alati MF, 2022, PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC, P691, DOI
   10.1109/CCNC49033.2022.9700573
TI Time series analysis for temperature forecasting using TinyML
AU Alati MF; Fortino G; Morales J; Cecilia JM/1; Manzoni P
TC 20
SO PROC IEEE CONSUM COMMUN NETW CONF CCNC
PY 2022
AB This paper focuses on the use of machine learning (ML) algorithms for
   greenhouses temperature forecasting.  We use a new approach called TinyML,
   an emerging technique with high potential for a low-power environments.  Our
   focus in this work was to understand which are the limits of this approach
   and how much complexity can the ML models have with the used devices.  Our
   results reveal that a TinyML-based device such as an Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   Sense can execute easily low computational constrained ML models while
   consuming very low power compared to a high-end device.  In particular, a
   simple multilayer perceptron (MLP) is targeted, offering accurate
   predictions in terms of RMSE, MAE and R2, which is remarkable considering
   that the models under study are extremely light and simple.  © 2022 IEEE.
ID forecasting; machine learning; greenhouse temperature; high end-devices;
   high potential; low power; machine learning algorithms; machine learning
   models; new approaches; simple++; temperature forecasting; time series
   analysis; time series analysis

---

UT 1456
AR Fedorov I, 2022, ADV NEURAL PROCES SYST, V35
TI UDC: Unified DNAS for Compressible TinyML Models for Neural Processing Units
AU Fedorov I; Matas R; Tann H; Zhou C; Mattina M; Whatmough PN
TC 20
SO ADV NEURAL PROCES SYST
PY 2022
AB Deploying TinyML models on low-cost IoT hardware is very challenging, due to
   limited device memory capacity.  Neural processing unit (NPU) hardware
   address the memory challenge by using model compression to exploit weight
   quantization and sparsity to fit more parameters in the same footprint.
   However, designing compressible neural networks (NNs) is challenging, as it
   expands the design space across which we must make balanced trade-offs.
   This paper demonstrates Unified DNAS for Compressible (UDC) NNs, which
   explores a large search space to generate state-of-the-art compressible NNs
   for NPU. ImageNet results show UDC networks are up to 3.35× smaller (iso-
   accuracy) or 6.25% more accurate (iso-model size) than previous work.  ©
   2022 Neural information processing systems foundation.  All rights reserved.
ID graphics processing unit; image coding; design spaces; limited devices; low-
   costs; memory capacity; model compression; neural networks; neural-
   processing; processing units; quantization; trade off; economic and social
   effects

---

UT 1051
AR Leroux S, 2022, PROC - IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW,
   P1003, DOI 10.1109/IPDPSW55747.2022.00160
TI TinyMLOps: Operational Challenges for Widespread Edge AI Adoption
AU Leroux S; Simoens P; Lootus M; Thakore K; Sharma A
TC 19
SO PROC - IEEE INT PARALLEL DISTRIB PROCESS SYMP WORK IPDPSW
PY 2022
AB Deploying machine learning applications on edge devices can bring clear
   benefits such as improved reliability, latency and privacy but it also
   introduces its own set of challenges.  Most works focus on the limited
   computational resources of edge platforms but this is not the only
   bottleneck standing in the way of widespread adoption.  In this paper we
   list several other challenges that a Tiny ML practitioner might need to
   consider when operationalizing an application on edge devices.  We focus on
   tasks such as monitoring and managing the application, common functionality
   for a MLOps platform, and show how they are complicated by the distributed
   nature of edge deployment.  We also discuss issues that are unique to edge
   applications such as protecting a model's intellectual property and
   verifying its integrity.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge ai; mlops; tinyml; tinymlops
ID computational resources; edge ai; machine learning applications; mlop;
   operational challenges; tinyml; tiny-mlop

---

UT 1221
AR Nicolas C, 2022, INT TELECOMMUN NETWORKS APPL CONF ITNAC, P21, DOI
   10.1109/ITNAC55475.2022.9998338
TI Energy efficient Firmware Over The Air Update for TinyML models in LoRaWAN
   agricultural networks
AU Nicolas C; Naila B; Amar R-C
TC 19
SO INT TELECOMMUN NETWORKS APPL CONF ITNAC
PY 2022
AB Current agricultural practices fail to feed everyone correctly while being
   harmful to the environment and highly sensitive to climate change.
   Therefore, new and modern agriculture needs to be developed and overcome
   numerous challenges.  Artificial Intelligence (AI) is one of the tools
   widely used in this new type of Agriculture called Precision Agriculture
   (PA) or Smart Farming (SF). Thanks to the Internet of Things (IoT)
   technologies, AI algorithms are fed with a vast amount of data to provide
   valuable insights for farmers, such as weather prediction, pest development
   detection, irrigation management, etc.  AI algorithms are often executed in
   cloud servers, thus requiring IoT devices to offload their data to process.
   This creates privacy, latency, and security issues, but mostly, it requires
   a large quantity of energy for transmission.  To overcome those issues,
   recent research brought new tools like Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) to
   perform AI directly on the IoT devices and break free from the cloud.
   Despite promising results, such Smart devices cannot train new models on
   their constrained hardware and therefore need frequent updating to increase
   the model's accuracy over time, regarding the specific environment where the
   sensor is deployed.  In the Agricultural domain, sensor devices are numerous
   and usually spread over vast geographical areas while running on battery.
   For this reason, Farms Wireless Sensor Network (WSN) use mostly Low Power
   Wide Area Network like LoRaWAN to communicate.  Therefore Firmware Update
   Over the Air (FUOTA) is required.  In this context, this paper proposes a
   study of the FUOTA process for a TinyML model using LoRaWAN in a specific
   agricultural scenario.  A TinyML sensor prototype was built to evaluate the
   feasibility of FUOTA for tinyML devices using LoRaWAN. The system's energy
   consumption and Packet delivery ratio are then analyzed in a simulator with
   different network scenarios.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE agriculture; ai ( artificial intelligence ); fuota ( firmware update over
   the air ); iot ( internet of things ); lora; lorawan; lpwan ( low power wide
   area network ); smart farming; tinyml ( tiny machine learning )
ID climate change; electric power transmission; energy efficiency; energy
   utilization; farms; firmware; low power electronics; machine learning; wide
   area networks; wireless sensor networks; artificial intelligence; firmware
   update over the air; firmware updates; internet of thing; lora; lorawan; low
   power; low power wide area network; machine learning; over the airs; smart
   farming; tiny machine learning; wide area networks; internet of things

---

UT 1232
AR M S, 2022, MICROPROCESS MICROSYST, V94, DOI 10.1016/j.micpro.2022.104634
TI A novel framework for deployment of CNN models using post-training
   quantization on microcontroller
AU M S; K S; Prasanth N
TC 19
SO MICROPROCESS MICROSYST
PY 2022
AB Nowadays, microcontrollers are very common in a wide range of applications.
   Integrating Machine Learning with Embedded Systems is essential and should
   be provided at a low cost to satisfy modern-day requirements.  The tools
   that currently exist for this purpose can be used only with the hardware
   provided by the same vendor, and are usually not flexible with IDEs.  This
   paper proposes an open-source framework that helps to deploy a trained
   Neural Network (Both Convolution and Deep Neural Network) on any ARM Cortex
   M-based microcontroller, providing an easy and low-cost device.  It converts
   the trained model with float32 parameters into int8 type parameters and
   automatically generates inference code using SIMD optimized CMSIS functions.
   The output obtained using the proposed framework is validated with the
   X-Cube-AI framework.  Also, A voice-based digit classification system is
   implemented using a Cortex-M4 microcontroller to demonstrate the efficiency
   of this procedure.  © 2022 Elsevier B.V.
DE convolution neural network; fixed point; machine learning; quantization;
   tinyml; voice recognition
ID controllers; convolution; convolutional neural networks; costs; deep neural
   networks; embedded systems; learning systems; open systems; speech
   recognition; cnn models; convolution neural network; cortexes; embedded-
   system; fixed points; integrating machines; low-costs; machine learning;
   quantization; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1285
AR Moin A, 2022, PROC - IEEE ANNU COMPUT SOFTW APPL CONF COMPSAC, P884, DOI
   10.1109/COMPSAC54236.2022.00140
TI Supporting AI Engineering on the IoT Edge through Model-Driven TinyML
AU Moin A; Challenger M; Badii A; Gunnemann S
TC 19
SO PROC - IEEE ANNU COMPUT SOFTW APPL CONF COMPSAC
PY 2022
AB Software engineering of network-centric Artificial Intelligence (AI) and
   Internet of Things (IoT) enabled Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) and services,
   involves complex design and validation challenges.  In this paper, we
   propose a novel approach, based on the model-driven software engineering
   paradigm, in particular the domain-specific modeling methodology.  We focus
   on a sub-discipline of AI, namely Machine Learning (ML) and propose the
   delegation of data analytics and ML to the IoT edge.  This way, we may
   increase the service quality of ML, for example, its availability and
   performance, regardless of the network conditions, as well as maintaining
   the privacy, security and sustainability.  We let practitioners assign ML
   tasks to heterogeneous edge devices, including highly resource-constrained
   embedded microcontrollers with main memories in the order of Kilobytes, and
   energy consumption in the order of milliwatts.  This is known as Tiny ML.
   Furthermore, we show how software models with different levels of
   abstraction, namely platform-independent and platform-specific models can be
   used in the software development process.  Finally, we validate the proposed
   approach using a case study addressing the predictive maintenance of a
   hydraulics system with various networked sensors and actuators.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE domain-specific modeling; edge analytics; internet of things; machine
   learning; model-driven software engineering; tinyml
ID data analytics; embedded systems; energy utilization; machine learning;
   software design; complex designs; cybe-physical systems; cyber-physical
   systems; domain-specific modeling; edge analytic; machine learning; model-
   driven; model-driven software engineerings; network-centric; tinyml;
   internet of things

---

UT 1297
AR Zhou C, 2022, IEEE MICRO, V42, P76, DOI 10.1109/MM.2022.3198321
TI ML-HW Co-Design of Noise-Robust TinyML Models and Always-On Analog Compute-
   in-Memory Edge Accelerator
AU Zhou C; Redondo FG; Buchel J; Boybat I; Comas XT; Nandakumar SR; Das S;
   Sebastian A; Le Gallo M; Whatmough PN
TC 19
SO IEEE MICRO
PY 2022
AB Always-on TinyML perception tasks in Internet of Things applications require
   very high energy efficiency.  Analog compute-in-memory (CiM) using
   nonvolatile memory (NVM) promises high energy efficiency and self-contained
   on-chip model storage.  However, analog CiM introduces new practical
   challenges, including conductance drift, read/write noise, fixed analog-to-
   digital (ADC) converter gain, etc.  These must be addressed to achieve
   models that can be deployed on analog CiM with acceptable accuracy loss.
   This article describes AnalogNets: TinyML models for the popular always-on
   tasks of keyword spotting (KWS) and visual wake word (VWW). The model
   architectures are specifically designed for analog CiM, and we detail a
   comprehensive training methodology, to retain accuracy in the face of analog
   nonidealities, and low-precision data converters at inference time.  We also
   describe AON-CiM, a programmable, minimal-area phase-change memory (PCM)
   analog CiM accelerator, with a layer-serial approach to remove the cost of
   complex interconnects associated with a fully pipelined design.  We evaluate
   the AnalogNets on a calibrated simulator, as well as real hardware, and find
   that accuracy degradation is limited to 0.8%/1.2% after 24 h of PCM drift (8
   bits) for KWS/VWW. AnalogNets running on the 14-nm AON-CiM accelerator
   demonstrate 8.55/26.55/56.67 and 4.34/12.64/25.2 TOPS/W for KWS and VWWs
   with 8-/6-/4-bit activations, respectively.  © 1981-2012 IEEE.
ID analog to digital conversion; integrated circuit design; memory
   architecture; co-designs; computational modeling; hardware; high energy
   efficiency; keyword spotting; noise robust; nonvolatile memory; nonvolatile
   memory; phase-change memory; very high energies; energy efficiency

---

UT 1420
AR Tsoukas V, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P207, DOI 10.1145/3575879.3575994
TI A TinyML-based System for Smart Agriculture
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Kakarountas A
TC 19
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Agriculture is a high-priority sector since it creates economic
   opportunities and generates the majority of the world's food.  In 2050,
   agricultural products will be in exceptionally high demand due to a 30%
   increase in the world's population.  Human resources for agriculture
   development are disappearing as young people migrate to major cities, while
   agricultural land is being abused for rapid expansion.  To satisfy the food
   demand, the major portion of agricultural tasks must be automated.
   Agricultural research has revealed that the Internet of Things (IoT)
   technology might be the future of modern and automated agriculture research.
   The aforementioned technology faces a number of common obstacles, including
   internet requirements, data transfer, and privacy concerns.  TinyML is an
   emerging technology that delivers low-cost and highly efficient devices
   capable of locally running complex machine learning models and neural
   networks, while overcoming the majority of the aforementioned IoT issues.
   As a comprehensive solution for autonomously watering plants, a TinyML-based
   system capable of monitoring ambient conditions and plants' soil moisture is
   presented in this work.  © 2022 ACM.
DE climate change; constrained hardware; environmental conditions; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; sensors; smart agriculture; tinyml
ID agricultural products; agricultural technology; data transfer; internet of
   things; machine learning; microcontrollers; soil moisture; agriculture
   development; constrained hardware; economic opportunities; environmental
   conditions; high demand; machine learning; smart agricultures; tinyml; world
   population; young peoples; climate change

---

UT 1382
AR Zhou S/1, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P98860, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3206954
TI An Intelligent IoT Sensing System for Rail Vehicle Running States Based on
   TinyML
AU Zhou S/1; Du Y; Chen B; Li Y/6; Luan X
TC 18
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB Real-time identification of the running state is one of the key technologies
   for a smart rail vehicle.  However, it is a challenge to accurately real-
   time sense the complex running states of the rail vehicle on an Internet-of-
   Things (IoT) edge device.  Traditional systems usually upload a large amount
   of real-time data from the vehicle to the cloud for identification, which is
   laborious and inefficient.  In this paper, an intelligent identification
   method for rail vehicle running state is proposed based on Tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) technology, and an IoT system is developed with small size
   and low energy consumption.  The system uses a Micro-Electro-Mechanical
   System (MEMS) sensor to collect acceleration data for machine learning
   training.  A neural network model for recognizing the running state of rail
   vehicles is built and trained by defining a machine learning running state
   classification model.  The trained recognition model is deployed to the IoT
   edge device at the vehicle side, and an offset time window method is
   utilized for real-time state sensing.  In addition, the sensing results are
   uploaded to the IoT server for visualization.  The experiments on the subway
   vehicle showed that the system could identify six complex running states in
   real-time with over 99% accuracy using only one IoT microcontroller.  The
   model with three axes converges faster than the model with one.  The model
   recognition accuracy remained above 98% and 95%, under different
   installation positions on the rail vehicle and the zero-drift phenomenon of
   the MEMS acceleration sensor, respectively.  The presented method and system
   can also be extended to edge-aware applications of equipment such as
   automobiles and ships.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; iot; running state; smart rail vehicle; tinyml
ID complex networks; energy utilization; interactive computer systems; internet
   of things; learning algorithms; learning systems; mems; rail motor cars;
   real-time systems; vehicles; classification algorithm; machine learning
   algorithms; machine learning; rail transportation; rail vehicles; real-time
   system; running state; smart rail vehicle; smart transportation; tiny
   machine learning; training data; neural networks

---

UT 1398
AR Gupta S, 2022, J PHYS CONF SER, V2273, DOI 10.1088/1742-6596/2273/1/012025
TI A TinyML Approach to Human Activity Recognition
AU Gupta S; Jain S; Roy B; Deb A
TC 18
SO J PHYS CONF SER
PY 2022
AB Human Activity Recognition has been a favorite topic for the scholars not
   only because of its wide scale acceptance in the industry but areas which
   may help in medical and in our normal household works as well.  Since to
   make this technology available to the last person standing in the queue it
   is important that models compiled and trained in this field are not just
   high performing but optimized as such with incurs the least overhead.  And
   thus bringing TinyML into the picture which has specialty in the field of
   optimizing the model w.r.t.  the size of the model, energy consumption,
   network bandwidth usage etc.  Thus this work includes using optimizing
   techniques such as pruning and quantization on the pre-proposed models and
   analyze the changes it causes in such models w.r.t accuracy and size.  Our
   work is able infer that by using both Pruning and Quantization techniques on
   a human activity recognition model we can compress a model up to 10 time
   without hampering severe diversion to the accuracy of the model.  We have
   taken three models and UCI-HAR dataset and compare the outcomes of the
   experiment.  © Published under licence by IOP Publishing Ltd.
DE human activity recognition; model optimization; tinyml
ID pattern recognition; bandwidth usage; energy-consumption; human activity
   recognition; model optimization; modeling and analysis; network bandwidth;
   quantization; recognition models; three models; tinyml; energy utilization

---

UT 1134
AR Ihoume I, 2022, ARTIF INTELL AGRIC, V6, P129, DOI 10.1016/j.aiia.2022.08.003
TI Developing a multi-label tinyML machine learning model for an active and
   optimized greenhouse microclimate control from multivariate sensed data
AU Ihoume I; Tadili R; Arbaoui N; Benchrifa M; Idrissi A; Daoudi M
TC 17
SO ARTIF INTELL AGRIC
PY 2022
AB In the uncertainties within which the worldwide food security lies nowadays,
   the agricultural industry is raising a crucial need for being equipped with
   the state-of-the-art technologies for a more efficient, climate-resilient
   and sustainable production.  The traditional production methods have to be
   revisited, and opportunities should be given for the innovative solutions
   henceforth brought by big data analytics, cloud computing and internet of
   things (IoT). In this context, we develop an optimized tinyML-oriented model
   for an active machine learning-based greenhouse microclimate management to
   be integrated in an on-field microcontroller.  We design an experimental
   strawberry greenhouse from which we collect multivariate climate data
   through installed sensors.  The obtained values' combinations are labeled
   according to a five-action multi-label control strategy, then used to
   prepare a machine learning-ready dataset.  The dataset is used to train and
   five-fold cross-validate 90 Multi-Layer Perceptrons (MLPs) with varied
   hyperparameters to select the most performant –yet optimized– model instance
   for the addressed task.  Our multi-label control approach enables designing
   highly scalable models with reduced computational complexity, comprising
   only n control neurons instead of (1 + ∑nk=1Cnk) neurons (usually generated
   from a classic single-label approach from n input variables). Our final
   selected model incorporates 2 hidden layers with 7 and 8 neurons
   respectively and 151 parameters; it scored a mean accuracy of 97% during the
   cross-validation phase, then 96% on our supplementary test set.  The model
   enables an intelligent and autonomous greenhouse management with the less
   required computations.  It can be efficiently deployed in microcontrollers
   within real world operating conditions.  © 2022 The Authors
DE agricultural greenhouse; machine learning; microclimate control;
   optimization; tinyml
ID agriculture; data analytics; food supply; greenhouses; internet of things;
   machine learning; neurons; agricultural greenhouse; food security;
   greenhouse microclimate; machine learning models; machine learning;
   microclimate control; multi-labels; optimizations; tinyml; uncertainty;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1194
AR Njor E, 2022, IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL, V647 IFIP, P67, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-08337-2_6
TI A Primer for tinyML Predictive Maintenance: Input and Model Optimisation
AU Njor E; Madsen J; Fafoutis X
TC 17
SO IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB In this paper, we investigate techniques used to optimise tinyML based
   Predictive Maintenance (PdM). We first describe PdM and tinyML and how they
   can provide an alternative to cloud-based PdM. We present the background
   behind deploying PdM using tinyML, including commonly used libraries,
   hardware, datasets and models.  Furthermore, we show known techniques for
   optimizing tinyML models.  We argue that an optimisation of the entire
   tinyML pipeline, not just the actual models, is required to deploy tinyML
   based PdM in an industrial setting.  To provide an example, we create a
   tinyML model and provide early results of optimising the input given to the
   model.  © 2022, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing.
DE embedded machine learning; optimization; predictive maintenance; resource-
   constrained systems; tinyml
ID constrained optimization; embedded systems; maintenance; constrained
   systems; embedded machine learning; embedded machines; input optimization;
   machine learning; model optimization; optimizations; predictive maintenance;
   resource-constrained system; tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1009
AR Bamoumen H, 2022, INT CONF INNOV INTELL INFORMATICS COMPUT TECHNOL 3ICT,
   P338, DOI 10.1109/3ICT56508.2022.9990661
TI How TinyML Can be Leveraged to Solve Environmental Problems: A Survey
AU Bamoumen H; Temouden A; Benamar N; Chtouki Y
TC 16
SO INT CONF INNOV INTELL INFORMATICS COMPUT TECHNOL 3ICT
PY 2022
AB Internet of things (IoT) enables the integration of smart and intelligent
   systems in our lives, subsequently creating an AI-powered society, where the
   latter is a substantial ingredient in the realization of a variety of tasks,
   be it industrial, personal, or economic.  The emergence of embedded machine
   learning, or more specifically TinyML, opens a gate for a plethora of new
   applications that would extend the impact of technology on society.  The
   ability to implement complex machine learning algorithms on low-powered
   devices can also be exploited to tackle one of the most fearful challenges
   encountered by the world, which is the environmental challenge.  This
   challenge is currently threatening the entirety of the world on a very large
   scale, from global warming to climate change, drought, natural resource
   scarcity, and pollution.  In this paper, we underline the contributions of
   Tiny-ML to the efforts deployed to surmount these challenges; and elaborate
   on how these tiny devices could be efficiently exploited to protect the
   natural world.  Finally, we point out some challenges that limit Tiny-ML
   applicability in the environmental domain.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE embedded machine learning; environment; tinyml
ID computer aided instruction; global warming; internet of things; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; complex machines; embedded
   machine learning; embedded machines; environment; environmental problems;
   low-powered devices; machine learning algorithms; machine learning; new
   applications; tinyml; intelligent systems

---

UT 1124
AR Vitolo P, 2022, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS,
   P154, DOI 10.1109/AICAS54282.2022.9869909
TI Quantized ID-CNN for a Low-power PDM-to-PCM Conversion in TinyML KWS
   Applications
AU Vitolo P; Licciardo GD; Amendola AC; Di Benedetto L; Liguori R; Rubino A;
   Pau D
TC 16
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS
PY 2022
AB This paper proposes a novel low-power HW accelerator for audio PDM-to-PCM
   conversion based on artificial neural network.  The system processes samples
   from a digital MEMS microphone and converts them in PCM format by using a
   1-Dimensional Convolutional Neural Network (1D-CNN). The model has been
   quantized to reduce the computational complexity while preserving its
   Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR) and the HW accelerator has been designed to
   minimize the physical resources.  The SNR achieved is 41.56 dB while the
   prototyping of the design on a Xilinx Artix-7 FPGA shows a dynamic power
   consumption of 1 mW and a utilization of 606 LUTs and 410 FFs.  These
   results enable the proposed system to be the first step of a tiny low-power
   end-to-end neural network-based Keyword Spotting (KWS) system.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE fpga; keywork spotting; low power; neural network; pdm-to-pcm conversion
ID field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); low power electronics; neural
   networks; pulse code modulation; signal to noise ratio; convolutional neural
   network; dynamic power consumption; keyword spotting; keywork spotting; low
   power; mems microphone; neural networks; pdm-to-pcm conversion; physical
   resources; system process; pulse width modulation

---

UT 1233
AR Luo J/1, 2022, PROC ANNU CONF INT SPEECH COMMUN ASSOC INTERSPEECH,
   V2022-September, P5313, DOI 10.21437/Interspeech.2022-66
TI Tiny-Sepformer: A Tiny Time-Domain Transformer Network for Speech Separation
AU Luo J/1; Wang J/1; Cheng N; Xiao E; Zhang X/1; Xiao J
TC 16
SO PROC ANNU CONF INT SPEECH COMMUN ASSOC INTERSPEECH
PY 2022
AB Time-domain Transformer neural networks have proven their superiority in
   speech separation tasks.  However, these models usually have a large number
   of network parameters, thus often encountering the problem of GPU memory
   explosion.  In this paper, we proposed Tiny-Sepformer, a tiny version of
   Transformer network for speech separation.  We present two techniques to
   reduce the model parameters and memory consumption: (1) Convolution-
   Attention (CA) block, spliting the vanilla Transformer to two paths, multi-
   head attention and 1D depthwise separable convolution, (2) parameter
   sharing, sharing the layer parameters within the CA block.  In our
   experiments, Tiny-Sepformer could greatly reduce the model size, and
   achieves comparable separation performance with vanilla Sepformer on
   WSJ0-2/3Mix datasets.  Copyright © 2022 ISCA.
DE parameter sharing; separable convolution; speech separation; tinyml;
   transformer
ID separation; source separation; speech analysis; speech communication; time
   domain analysis; memory consumption; modeling parameters; network
   parameters; neural networks; parameter sharing; separable convolution;
   speech separation; time domain; tinyml; transformer; convolution

---

UT 1175
AR Piechocki M, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P124835, DOI
   10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3225233
TI Efficient People Counting in Thermal Images: The Benchmark of Resource-
   Constrained Hardware
AU Piechocki M; Kraft M; Pajchrowski T; Aszkowski P; Pieczynski D
TC 15
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB The monitoring of presence is a timely topic in intelligent building
   management systems.  Nowadays, most rooms, halls, and auditoriums use a
   simple binary presence detector that is used to control the operation of
   HVAC systems.  This strategy is not optimal and leads to significant amounts
   of energy being wasted due to inadequate control of the system.  Therefore,
   knowing the exact person count facilitates better adjustment to current
   needs and cost reduction.  The vision-based people-counting is a well-known
   area of computer vision research.  In addition, with rapid development in
   the artificial intelligence and IoT sectors, power-limited and resource-
   constrained devices like single-board computers or microcontrollers are able
   to run even such sophisticated algorithms as neural networks.  This
   capability not only ensures the tiny size and power effectiveness of the
   device but also, by definition, preserves privacy by limiting or completely
   eliminating the transfer of data to the cloud.  In this paper, we describe
   the method for efficient occupancy estimation based on low-resolution
   thermal images.  This approach uses a U-Net-like convolutional neural
   network that is capable of estimating the number of people in the sensor's
   field of view.  Although the architecture was optimized and quantized to fit
   the limited microcontroller's memory, the metrics obtained by the algorithm
   outperform the other state-of-the-art solutions.  Additionally, the
   algorithm was deployed on a range of embedded devices to perform a set of
   benchmarks.  The tests carried out on embedded processors allowed the
   comparison of a wide range of chips and proved that people counting can be
   efficiently executed on resource-limited hardware while maintaining low
   power consumption.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE benchmark testing; deep learning; edge computing; microcontrollers; neural
   networks; performance evaluation; signal processing; thermal-imaging; tinyml
ID benchmarking; classification ( of information ); climate control; computer
   hardware; controllers; cost reduction; deep neural networks; edge computing;
   infrared imaging; intelligent buildings; benchmark testing; deep learning;
   edge computing; neural networks; people counting; performances evaluation;
   signal processing; thermal images; thermal-imaging; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1208
AR Liberatori B, 2022, JUBIL INT CONV COMMUN ELECTRON TECHNOL MIPRO - PROC,
   P900, DOI 10.23919/MIPRO55190.2022.9803406
TI YOLO-Based Face Mask Detection on Low-End Devices Using Pruning and
   Quantization
AU Liberatori B; Mami CA; Santacatterina G; Zullich M; Pellegrino FA
TC 15
SO JUBIL INT CONV COMMUN ELECTRON TECHNOL MIPRO - PROC
PY 2022
AB Deploying Deep Learning (DL) based object detection (OD) models in low-end
   devices, such as single board computers, may lead to poor performance in
   terms of frames-per-second (FPS). Pruning and quantization are well-known
   compression techniques that can potentially lead to a reduction of the
   computational burden of a DL model, with a possible decrease of performance
   in terms of detection accuracy.  Motivated by the widespread introduction of
   face mask mandates by many institutions during the Covid-19 pandemic, we aim
   at training and compressing an OD model based on YOLOv4 to recognize the
   presence of face masks, to be deployed on a Raspberry Pi 4. We investigate
   the capability of different kinds of pruning and quantization techniques of
   increasing the FPS with respect to the uncompressed model, while retaining
   the detection accuracy.  We quantitatively assess the pruned and quantized
   models in terms of Mean Average Precision (mAP) and FPS, and show that with
   proper pruning and quantization, the FPS can be doubled with a moderate loss
   in mAP. The results provide guidelines for compression of other OD models
   based on YOLO. © 2022 Croatian Society MIPRO.
DE deep learning; face mask detection; object detection; pruning; quantization;
   tinyml; yolo
ID chemical detection; deep learning; face recognition; microelectronics;
   object recognition; temperature; deep learning; detection models; face mask
   detection; face masks; frames per seconds; objects detection; pruning;
   quantization; tinyml; yolo; object detection

---

UT 1269
AR Flores T, 2022, IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC, P18,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroAutomotive54295.2022.9855110
TI A TinyML Soft-Sensor for the Internet of Intelligent Vehicles
AU Flores T; Silva M; Andrade P; Silva J; Silva I; Sisinni E; Ferrari P;
   Rinaldi S
TC 15
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL AUTOMOT METROAUTOMOTIVE - PROC
PY 2022
AB The increased number of sensors in modern cars offers the opportunity to
   develop algorithms that can monitor and diagnose vehicle performance more
   efficiently.  We present the results of applying and deploying a TinyML
   model into a typical OBD-II automotive scanner to serve as a soft-sensor and
   estimate carbon dioxide emissions.  A TinyML workflow based on TensorFlow,
   TensorFlow Lite, and Micro was designed to a 32-bit microcontroller target
   (Machhina A0TM) and considering different quantization methods and Multi-
   layer Perceptron Regressors (MLP). Train, test, and validation were
   conducted using real-world data fetched from several kinds of vehicles
   through an emission measurement system.  The results suggest that the soft-
   sensor can estimate Carbon Dioxide emissions with a Mean Absolute Percentage
   Error (MAPE) of approximately 27% and processing time averages around 37 to
   173 microseconds (depending on activation functions adopted) in the target
   hardware and using intake manifold absolute pressure, intake air
   temperature, and vehicle speed as independent variables.  The results of
   this study also demonstrated quantization has a major impact on memory
   usage.  On average, 10 to 17 times less memory is required to achieve the
   same result on MAPE.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE intelligent vehicles; mlops; obd-ii; quantization; regression; soft-sensor;
   tinyml
ID air intakes; carbon dioxide; global warming; intelligent vehicle highway
   systems; automotives; carbon dioxide emissions; mlop; obd-ii; percentage
   error; quantization; regression; soft sensors; tinyml; work-flows; vehicle
   performance

---

UT 1355
AR Shamim MZM/1, 2022, IEEE EMDED SYST LETT, V14, P183, DOI
   10.1109/LES.2022.3160281
TI Hardware Deployable Edge-AI Solution for Prescreening of Oral Tongue Lesions
   Using TinyML on Embedded Devices
AU Shamim MZM/1
TC 15
SO IEEE EMDED SYST LETT
PY 2022
AB Diagnosing oral cavity cancer (OCC) in its initial stages is an effective
   way to reduce patient mortality.  However, current prescreening solutions
   are manual and the resultant clinical treatment is not cost effective for
   the average individual, primarily in developing nations.  In this letter, we
   present an automated and inexpensive prescreening solution utilizing
   artificial intelligence (AI) deployed on embedded edge devices to detect
   benign and premalignant superficial oral tongue lesions.  The proposed
   machine vision solution utilizes a clinically annotated photographic dataset
   of nine types of superficial oral tongue lesions to retrain a MobileNetV2
   neural network using transfer learning.  In this approach, we also utilized
   TensorFlow Lite for Microcontrollers to quantize a 32-bit floating point
   (float32) precision model into an 8-bit integer (int8) model for deployment
   on power and resource-constrained OpenMV Cam H7 Plus embedded edge device.
   The quantized int8 model was able to detect the nine tongue lesions with an
   accuracy of 98.69% on the test set.  More than 60% reduction in on-device
   RAM and flash memory usage were measured for the int8 model when compared to
   the equivalently performing float32 model for relatively the same inference
   speed (1.1 ms) on the target edge device.  © 2009-2012 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence ( ai ); embedded edge devices; oral cavity cancer (
   occ ); tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); tongue lesions
ID cost effectiveness; digital arithmetic; diseases; edge detection; random
   access storage; cancer; computational modeling; embedded edge device; image
   edge detection; lesion; machine learning; oral cavity; oral cavity cancer;
   performances evaluation; tiny machine learning; tongue; tongue lesion;
   machine learning

---

UT 1448
AR Paissan F, 2022, ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC,
   V2022-May, P641, DOI 10.1109/ICASSP43922.2022.9746093
TI SCALABLE NEURAL ARCHITECTURES FOR END-TO-END ENVIRONMENTAL SOUND
   CLASSIFICATION
AU Paissan F; Ancilotto A; Brutti A; Farella E
TC 15
SO ICASSP IEEE INT CONF ACOUST SPEECH SIGNAL PROCESS PROC
PY 2022
AB Sound Event Detection (SED) is a complex task simulating human ability to
   recognize what is happening in the surrounding from auditory signals only.
   This technology is a crucial asset in many applications such as smart
   cities.  Here, urban sounds can be detected and processed by embedded
   devices in an Internet of Things (IoT) to identify meaningful events for
   municipalities or law enforcement.  However, while current deep learning
   techniques for SED are effective, they are also resource- and power-hungry,
   thus not appropriate for pervasive battery-powered devices.  In this paper,
   we propose novel neural architectures based on PhiNets for real-time
   acoustic event detection on microcontroller units.  The proposed models are
   easily scalable to fit the hardware requirements and can operate both on
   spectrograms and waveforms.  In particular, our architectures achieve state-
   of-the-art performance on UrbanSound8K in spectrogram classification (around
   77%) with extreme compression factors (99.8%) with respect to current state-
   of-the-art architectures.  © 2022 IEEE
DE iot; scalable backbone; sound event detection; tinyml
ID deep learning; learning systems; spectrographs; current; complex task; end
   to end; environmental sound classifications; human abilities; neural
   architectures; scalable backbone; sound event detection; spectrograms;
   tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1031
AR Shamim MZM, 2022, IEEE SENSORS LET, V6, DOI 10.1109/LSENS.2022.3201398
TI TinyML Model for Classifying Hazardous Volatile Organic Compounds Using Low-
   Power Embedded Edge Sensors: Perfecting Factory 5.0 Using Edge AI
AU Shamim MZM
TC 14
SO IEEE SENSORS LET
PY 2022
AB In this letter, we present an intelligent chemical sniffer, capable of
   detecting hazardous volatile organic compounds (VOCs) using artificial
   intelligence deployed at the edge.  The proposed solution utilizes a
   multichannel metal-oxide-semiconductor gas sensor for generating unique
   signature responses from the organic compounds.  These signature responses
   are then used for training a quantized neural network model in the cloud and
   then deployed onto an embedded development platform for edge inference.  In
   this approach, we utilized TensorFlow Lite for microcontrollers, an edge
   computing framework (developed by Google) to quantize a 32-bit floating
   point precision neural network model into an 8-bit integer precision model
   for deployment on low-power and low-memory footprint embedded edge devices.
   Our quantized model was able to successfully classify all the six VOCs
   (i.e., Xylene, Hexane, Acetone, Toluene, Methanol, and Butanol) with
   accuracies of 99.8 and 100% on the validation and test datasets,
   respectively.  More than 50% reduction in on-device RAM and Flash memory
   usage were measured for the 8-bit quantized model when compared with the
   equivalently performing 32-bit floating point model for relatively same
   inference speed on the edge sensing device.  The proposed solution paves the
   way for the mass-scale deployment of such intelligent chemical sensing
   solutions in the next-generation automated smart factories.  © 2017 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network ( ann ); embedded edge; factory 50; sensor
   applications; tiny machine learning ( tinyml ); volatile organic compounds (
   vocs )
ID chemical detection; chemical sensors; classification ( of information );
   flash memory; gas chromatography; gas detectors; hazards; low power
   electronics; metals; mos devices; neural networks; oxide semiconductors;
   random access storage; computational modeling; embedded edge; factory 50;
   floating points; image edge detection; intelligent sensors; machine
   learning; neural network model; quantized models; tiny machine learning;
   volatile organic compounds

---

UT 1045
AR Bian S, 2022, IEEE INT GREEN SUSTAIN COMPUT CONF IGSC, DOI
   10.1109/IGSC55832.2022.9969370
TI Exploring Automatic Gym Workouts Recognition Locally on Wearable Resource-
   Constrained Devices
AU Bian S; Wang X/1; Polonelli T; Magno M
TC 14
SO IEEE INT GREEN SUSTAIN COMPUT CONF IGSC
PY 2022
AB Automatic gym activity recognition on energy-And resource-constrained
   wearable devices removes the human-interaction requirement during intense
   gym sessions-like soft-Touch tapping and swiping.  This work presents a tiny
   and highly accurate residual convolutional neural network that runs in
   milliwatt microcontrollers for automatic workouts classification.  We
   evaluated the inference performance of the deep model with quantization on
   three resource-constrained devices: Two microcontrollers with ARM-Cortex M4
   and M7 core from ST Microelectronics, and a GAP8 system on chip, which is an
   open-sourced, multi-core RISC-V computing platform from Green-Waves
   Technologies.  Experimental results show an accuracy of up to 90.4% for
   eleven workouts recognition with full precision inference.  The paper also
   presents the trade-off performance of the resource-constrained system.
   While keeping the recognition accuracy (88.1%) with minimal loss, each
   inference takes only 3.2 ms on GAP8, benefiting from the 8 RISC-V cluster
   cores.  We measured that it features an execution time that is 18.9x and
   6.5x faster than the Cortex-M4 and Cortex-M7 cores, showing the feasibility
   of real-Time on-board workouts recognition based on the described data set
   with 20 Hz sampling rate.  The energy consumed for each inference on GAP8 is
   0.41 mJ compared to 5.17 mJ on Cortex-M4 and 8.07 mJ on Cortex-M7 with the
   maximum clock.  It can lead to longer battery life when the system is
   battery-operated.  We also introduced an open data set composed of fifty
   sessions of eleven gym workouts collected from ten subjects that is publicly
   available.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge computing; exercise classification; gym recognition; pulp; tinyml;
   workouts recognition
ID convolutional neural networks; economic and social effects; edge computing;
   electric batteries; system-on-chip; wearable computers; cortexes; data set;
   edge computing; energy; exercise classification; gym recognition;
   performance; resource-constrained devices; tinyml; workout recognition;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1236
AR Gutti V, 2022, LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST, V514 LNNS, P347, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-12413-6_27
TI Real Time Classification of Fruits and Vegetables Deployed on Low Power
   Embedded Devices Using Tiny ML
AU Gutti V; Karthi R
TC 14
SO LECT NOTES NETWORKS SYST
PY 2022
AB The appearance of fruits and vegetables has a significant impact on their
   market value and consumer preference.  Manual identification and sorting are
   time-consuming and costly.  Many machine learning and deep learning models
   have been proposed in the past for fruit categorization which were deployed
   on GPUs.  In this work, deep learning models for fruit classification are
   built on GPU and tested to be deployed on the ESP-32 microcontroller.  This
   paper examines machine learning approaches based on CNN, Mobile net models
   for low cost and low power embedded devices to detect fruits and vegetables.
   Fruits 360 data set is used in this study where models are built to classify
   fruits into multi classes.  The MobileNetV1 model fared well in
   distinguishing fruits and vegetables for 17 classes and achieved 94% testing
   accuracy on a google colab (GPU) environment.  The model was deployed onto
   the ESP32 Cam environment and tested for its performance.  The accuracy in
   prediction classes by the model on ESP32 was 77% with an inferencing speed
   of 51 ms and memory usage of 66.1 kb.  Experimental results show that a low-
   cost ESP32 microcontroller can be deployed for agricultural product
   classification.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer
   Nature Switzerland AG.
DE arduino; convolution neural networks; esp32 cam microcontroller; tiny
   machine learning; transfer learning

---

UT 1291
AR Chen H, 2022, RECSYS - PROC ACM CONF RECOMM SYST, P257, DOI
   10.1145/3523227.3546760
TI TinyKG: Memory-Efficient Training Framework for Knowledge Graph Neural
   Recommender Systems
AU Chen H; Li X/2; Zhou K; Hu X; Yeh C-CM; Zheng Y/2; Yang H/1
TC 14
SO RECSYS - PROC ACM CONF RECOMM SYST
PY 2022
AB There has been an explosion of interest in designing various Knowledge Graph
   Neural Networks (KGNNs), which achieve state-of-the-art performance and
   provide great explainability for recommendation.  The promising performance
   is mainly resulting from their capability of capturing high-order proximity
   messages over the knowledge graphs.  However, training KGNNs at scale is
   challenging due to the high memory usage.  In the forward pass, the
   automatic differentiation engines (e.g., TensorFlow/PyTorch) generally need
   to cache all intermediate activation maps in order to compute gradients in
   the backward pass, which leads to a large GPU memory footprint.  Existing
   work solves this problem by utilizing multi-GPU distributed frameworks.
   Nonetheless, this poses a practical challenge when seeking to deploy KGNNs
   in memory-constrained environments, especially for industry-scale graphs.
   Here we present TinyKG, a memory-efficient GPU-based training framework for
   KGNNs for the tasks of recommendation.  Specifically, TinyKG uses exact
   activations in the forward pass while storing a quantized version of
   activations in the GPU buffers.  During the backward pass, these low-
   precision activations are dequantized back to full-precision tensors, in
   order to compute gradients.  To reduce the quantization errors, TinyKG
   applies a simple yet effective quantization algorithm to compress the
   activations, which ensures unbiasedness with low variance.  As such, the
   training memory footprint of KGNNs is largely reduced with negligible
   accuracy loss.  To evaluate the performance of our TinyKG, we conduct
   comprehensive experiments on real-world datasets.  We found that our TinyKG
   with INT2 quantization aggressively reduces the memory footprint of
   activation maps with 7 ×, only with 2% loss in accuracy, allowing us to
   deploy KGNNs on memory-constrained devices.  © 2022 ACM.
DE knowledge graph neural network; memory compression; quantization; tiny
   machine learning
ID cache memory; chemical activation; graph neural networks; machine learning;
   graph neural networks; knowledge graph neural network; knowledge graphs;
   machine learning; memory compression; memory efficient; memory footprint;
   quantization; tiny machine learning; training framework; knowledge graph

---

UT 1326
AR Zhang Y/6, 2022, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS,
   V2022-October, P644, DOI 10.1109/ICCD56317.2022.00099
TI Power-Performance Characterization of TinyML Systems
AU Zhang Y/6; Wijerathne D; Li Z/1; Mitra T
TC 14
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS
PY 2022
AB TinyML systems are enabling machine learning (ML) inference at the edge.
   However, there exists little quantitative analysis of such systems.  This
   paper presents a systematic performance and power characterization of
   diverse TinyML applications on micro-controllers (MCUs), spanning neural
   network models, software libraries, operating systems, and hardware
   architectures.  We focus on the impact of the multiple layers of
   abstractions that provide higher programmability at the expense of
   performance and energy efficiency.  We propose a model to estimate the costs
   of different abstraction layers and make recommendations for minimizing
   those costs.  Our findings can help designers with Neural Architecture
   Search (NAS) and CNN inference optimization on edge devices.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE general matrix multiplication; mcu; tinyml
ID abstracting; application programs; cost benefit analysis; microcontrollers;
   network architecture; neural network models; general matrix multiplication;
   machine learning; matrix multiplication; mcu; microcontroller; neural
   network model; performance characterization; power characterization; power
   performance; tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 1393
AR Biswas S/3, 2022, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN SIGNAL PROCESS NETW WISPNET, P268,
   DOI 10.1109/WiSPNET54241.2022.9767139
TI Edge AI Based Autonomous UAV for Emergency Network Deployment: A Study
   Towards Search and Rescue Missions
AU Biswas S/3; Muttangi R; Patel H; Prince S
TC 14
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN SIGNAL PROCESS NETW WISPNET
PY 2022
AB Each year natural disasters claim millions of lives across the globe.  The
   numerous tireless rescue missions are the aftermath of natural disasters
   such as typhoons, hurricanes, blizzards, forest fires, and heavy storms.
   Unfortunately, the first responders responsible for rescuing the people in
   distress get paralyzed in their efforts as the wireless network is the first
   system to malfunction during such adversities.  An intelligent system based
   on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) which helps in locating and communicating
   with the survivors offers a promising alternative for mission-critical (MC)
   scenarios.  The survivors are located by the autonomous UAV via an edge AI
   image classifier model.  Further, due to the distinctive features such as
   flexible deployment and rapid reconfiguration, drones can readily change
   location dynamically to deliver on-demand communications to users on the
   ground in emergency scenarios.  As a result, using UAVs as access point to
   local area network has been assessed as a practical approach for supplying
   instantaneous connection in MC situations.  The proposed solution here does
   not require any manual control.  It can automatically maneuver, land, and
   take off using Aruco markers.  This work includes a precision landing study
   and a Received Signal Strength Indicator (RSSI) study of the network
   provided by the UAV which examines the constraints and applications of the
   system.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE aruco marker; autonomous drone; edge ai; jetson nano; precision landing;
   rssi; sar operations; tinyml; uav
ID antennas; deforestation; disasters; drones; intelligent systems; storms;
   aruco marker; autonomous drone; autonomous unmanned aerial vehicles; edge
   ai; jetson nano; precision landing; received signal strength indicators;
   rescue missions; sar operation; tinyml; hurricanes

---

UT 1121
AR Chowdhury AA, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P6407, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3141781
TI DeepQGHO: Quantized Greedy Hyperparameter Optimization in Deep Neural
   Networks for on-the-Fly Learning
AU Chowdhury AA; Hossen MA; Azam MA; Rahman MH
TC 13
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB On-the-fly learning is unavoidable for applications that demand
   instantaneous deep neural network (DNN) training or where transferring data
   to the central system for training is costly.  Hyperparameter optimization
   plays a significant role in the performance and reliability in deep
   learning.  Many hyperparameter optimization algorithms have been developed
   for obtaining better validation accuracy in DNNs.  Most state-of-the-art
   hyperparameter optimization techniques are computationally expensive due to
   the focus on validation accuracy.  Therefore, they are unsuitable for on-
   the-fly learning applications that require faster computation on resource
   constraint devices (e.g., edge devices). In this paper, we develop a novel
   greedy approach-based hyperparameter optimization (GHO) algorithm enabling
   faster computing on edge devices for on-the-fly learning applications.  In
   GHO, we obtain the validation accuracy locally for each of the
   hyperparameter configurations.  The GHO algorithm optimizes each
   hyperparameter while keeping the others constant in order to converge to the
   locally optimal solution in the expectation that this choice will lead to a
   globally optimal solution.  We perform an empirical study to compute the
   performance such as computation time and energy consumption of the GHO and
   compare it with two state-of-the-art hyperparameter optimization algorithms.
   We also deploy the GHO algorithm in an edge device to validate the
   performance of our algorithm.  We perform post-training quantization on the
   GHO algorithm to reduce the inference time.  Our GHO algorithm is more than
   3× energy efficient and 2× faster than two state-of-the-art hyperparameter
   optimization techniques on both DNNs and datasets studied in this paper.  ©
   2013 IEEE.
DE deep learning; greedy algorithm; hyper-parameter optimization; neural
   networks; online learning; quantization; tinyml
ID computational efficiency; deep neural networks; energy utilization;
   inference engines; learning algorithms; optimization; deep learning; greedy
   algorithms; hyper-parameter optimizations; inference algorithm; neural
   networks; online learning; optimizations; performances evaluation;
   quantization; quantization ( signal ); tinyml; quantization ( signal )

---

UT 1292
AR Bastos RP, 2022, IEEE TRANS NUCL SCI, V69, P1683, DOI
   10.1109/TNS.2022.3176485
TI Assessment of Tiny Machine-Learning Computing Systems Under Neutron-Induced
   Radiation Effects
AU Bastos RP; Trindade MG; Garibotti R; Gava J; Reis R; Ost L
TC 13
SO IEEE TRANS NUCL SCI
PY 2022
AB This article compares and assesses the effectiveness of three prominent
   machine learning (ML) models for tiny ML computing systems in tolerating
   neutron-induced soft errors.  Results of 14-MeV and thermal neutron
   radiation tests suggest that the three case-study ML algorithms implemented-
   without any mitigation technique integrated-retain a certain intrinsic level
   of effectiveness in tolerating neutron effects, although all of them have
   been functionally interrupted on some occasions, requiring hardware resets.
   Notably, the implemented case-study ML algorithm 'random forest' has
   performed no misclassification during the different radiation testing
   campaigns.  © 1963-2012 IEEE.
DE low power processors; neutron-induced radiation effects; radiation-induced
   soft errors; single event functional interrupts ( sefis ); single event
   upsets ( seus ); tiny machine learning ( ml ) algorithms
ID decision trees; field programmable gate arrays ( fpga ); learning
   algorithms; low power electronics; neural networks; neutron irradiation;
   neutrons; radiation effects; support vector machines; computational
   modeling; low power processors; machine learning algorithms; neutron-induced
   radiation effect; radiation-induced; radiation-induced soft error; single
   event; single event functional interrupt; single event upset; soft error;
   support vectors machine; tiny machine learning algorithm; radiation
   hardening

---

UT 1380
AR Zacharia A, 2022, SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC
   MEDIA CONF SEEDA-CECNSM, DOI 10.1109/SEEDA-CECNSM57760.2022.9932982
TI An Intelligent Microprocessor Integrating TinyML in Smart Hotels for Rapid
   Accident Prevention
AU Zacharia A; Zacharia D; Karras A; Karras C; Giannoukou I; Giotopoulos KC;
   Sioutas S
TC 13
SO SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC MEDIA CONF SEEDA-
   CECNSM
PY 2022
AB In the modern era of Internet of Things (IoT) and Industry 4.0 there is a
   growing need for intelligent microcontrollers that can collect, sense and
   analyse data effectively and efficiently.  Such devices can be installed in
   large scale IoT deployments ranging from smart homes to smart cities and
   smart buildings.  The aim of these devices shall be not only data monitoring
   but at the same time energy saving and overall building management.  In the
   context of this paper, an all-in-one microprocessor is presented, namely
   ZAC888DP, which can sense data from multivariate sources and perform data
   analytics on top of the collected data.  Moreover, machine learning (ML)
   models are deployed in the embedded memory of the device and specifically
   TinyML methods using a tflite file.  The aim of the developed ML model is to
   collect data from four heterogeneous sources (water sensor, light sensor,
   humidity and temperature) in order to identify and forecast possible
   lavatory accidents.  The experimental results of this work are encouraging
   as the model managed to achieve 100 percentage accuracy after 256
   iterations.  Future directions include the integration of the device with a
   neural network that will be trained on top of the pre-trained model in order
   to increase the overall precision even further.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE accident prevention system; energy saving; iot; smart buildings; smart
   hotels; tensorflow lite; tinyml
ID accident prevention; accidents; automation; data analytics; energy
   conservation; hotels; intelligent buildings; smart city; accident prevention
   system; energy  savings; energy-savings; large scale internet; machine
   learning models; prevention systems; smart homes; smart hotel; tensorflow
   lite; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1410
AR Bechtel M, 2022, PROC - IEEE INT CONF EMBED REAL-TIME COMPUT SYST APPL
   RTCSA, P120, DOI 10.1109/RTCSA55878.2022.00019
TI DeepPicarMicro: Applying TinyML to Autonomous Cyber Physical Systems
AU Bechtel M; Weng Q; Yun H
TC 13
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF EMBED REAL-TIME COMPUT SYST APPL RTCSA
PY 2022
AB Running deep neural networks (DNNs) on tiny Micro-controller Units (MCUs) is
   challenging due to their limitations in computing, memory, and storage
   capacity.  Fortunately, recent advances in both MCU hardware and machine
   learning software frameworks make it possible to run fairly complex neural
   networks on modern MCUs, resulting in a new field of study widely known as
   TinyML. However, there have been few studies to show the potential for
   TinyML applications in cyber physical systems (CPS).In this paper, we
   present DeepPicarMicro, a small self-driving RC car testbed, which runs a
   convolutional neural network (CNN) on a Raspberry Pi Pico MCU. We apply a
   state-of-the-art DNN optimization to successfully fit the well-known
   PilotNet CNN architecture, which was used to drive NVIDIA's real self-
   driving car, on the MCU. We apply a state-of-art network architecture search
   (NAS) approach to find further optimized networks that can effectively
   control the car in real-time in an end-to-end manner.  From an extensive
   systematic experimental evaluation study, we observe an interesting
   relationship between the accuracy, latency, and control performance of a
   system.  From this, we propose a joint optimization strategy that takes both
   accuracy and latency of a model in the network architecture search process
   for AI enabled CPS. © 2022 IEEE.
DE autonomous car; case study; convolutional neural network; microcontroller;
   real-time; tinyml
ID autonomous vehicles; controllers; convolutional neural networks; cyber-
   physical system; deep neural networks; embedded systems; network
   architecture; real-time systems; autonomous car; case-studies; computing
   capacity; convolutional neural network; cybe-physical systems; cyber-
   physical systems; memory capacity; microcontroller units; real- time;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1029
AR Athanasakis G, 2022, IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA,
   V2022-September, DOI 10.1109/ETFA52439.2022.9921629
TI TinyML-based approach for Remaining Useful Life Prediction of Turbofan
   Engines
AU Athanasakis G; Filios G; Katsidimas I; Nikoletseas S; Panagiotou SH
TC 12
SO IEEE INT CONF EMERG TECHNOL FACT AUTOM ETFA
PY 2022
AB In the recent years, artificial intelligence, machine learning and IoT
   technologies have enabled a great number of industrial applications with
   profitable results.  Predicting the remaining useful life (RUL) of turbofan
   engines constitutes a successful example of industrial AI, and it has
   received thorough attention from the researchers worldwide, with numerous
   novel and effective methods being proposed in the literature.  Meanwhile,
   TinyML is a recent trend that has emerged in the AI field and demonstrates,
   amongst others, promising potential to break through the existing barriers
   of trusting and deploying real-time critical industrial AI solutions.  In
   this context, this paper aims to further contribute to the literature and
   demonstrate the realization of RUL predictions in the extreme edge via
   TinyML, using the popular C-MAPSS dataset from NASA Ames Research Center,
   X-CUBE-AI tool and STMF767ZI microcontroller for the deployment of ML
   models.  We benchmark different ML algorithms, with a special focus on deep
   learning algorithms (LSTMs and CNNs). The results indicate that there is
   potential for deploying machine learning models for RUL prediction in
   resource-scarce IoT devices, with acceptable accuracy loss, while taking
   advantage of the benefits TinyML has to offer over cloud-based AI inference.
   © 2022 IEEE.
DE c-mapss; prognostics and health management; remaining useful life ( rul );
   tiny machine learning
ID deep learning; forecasting; internet of things; learning algorithms;
   learning systems; nasa; systems engineering; c-mapss; machine learning;
   prognostic and health management; real- time; recent trends; remaining
   useful life; remaining useful life predictions; remaining useful lives;
   time-critical; tiny machine learning; turbofan engines

---

UT 1131
AR Gruosso G, 2022, IEEE ACCESS, V10, P121010, DOI 10.1109/ACCESS.2022.3222986
TI Comparison of Machine Learning Algorithms for Performance Evaluation of
   Photovoltaic Energy Forecasting and Management in the TinyML Framework
AU Gruosso G; Gajani GS
TC 12
SO IEEE ACCESS
PY 2022
AB The availability of reliable photovoltaic (PV) power forecasting tools is an
   important factor for the dissemination of this technology.  This is true not
   only for the integration of these difficult to predict sources in large
   power grids but also for small grids or standalone applications.  The
   concept of edge computing, through the use of small, low power and
   inexpensive devices can help to make predictions more localized and feasible
   also in small size applications.  In this article prediction methods based
   on Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) models are considered and compared,
   along with the possibility of reducing their cost in terms of memory and
   computational power requirements possibly without increasing prediction
   error.  It is shown that quantization and pruning methods, implemented in
   the AI libraries of a common platform for Microcontroller programming, is a
   viable solution of this problem.  Solar panel aging effects are also
   considered, and it is shown how the same system used for the prediction can
   be an indicator of reduced plant efficiency.  © 2013 IEEE.
DE data driven; edge computing; estimation; forecasting; machine learning;
   microcontroller; neural networks; photovoltaic; tinyml
ID edge computing; electric power transmission networks; forecasting; learning
   algorithms; learning systems; machine learning; microcontrollers; neural
   networks; solar panels; solar power generation; data driven; edge computing;
   machine learning; neural networks; photovoltaic systems; photovoltaics;
   prediction algorithms; predictive models; support vectors machine; tinyml;
   solar energy

---

UT 1227
AR Brutti A, 2022, EUR SIGNAL PROCES CONF, V2022-August, P1121, DOI
   10.23919/eusipco55093.2022.9909572
TI Optimizing PhiNet architectures for the detection of urban sounds on low-end
   devices
AU Brutti A; Paissan F; Ancilotto A; Farella E
TC 12
SO EUR SIGNAL PROCES CONF
PY 2022
AB Sound Event Detection (SED) pipelines identify and classify relevant events
   in audio streams.  With typical applications in the smart city domain (e.g.,
   crowd counting, alarm triggering), SED is an asset for municipalities and
   law enforcement agencies.  Given the large size of the areas to be monitored
   and the amount of data generated by the IoT sensors, large models running on
   centralised servers are not suitable for real-time applications.
   Conversely, performing SED directly on pervasive embedded devices is very
   attractive in terms of energy consumption, bandwidth requirements and
   privacy preservation.  In a previous manuscript, we proposed scalable
   backbones from the PhiNets architectures' family for real-time sound event
   detection on microcontrollers.  In this paper, we extend our analysis
   investigating how PhiNets' scaling parameters affect the model performance
   in the SED task while searching for the best configuration given the
   computational constraints.  Experimental analysis on UrbanSound8K shows that
   while only the total number of parameters matters when training the model
   from scratch (i.e., it is independent of the scaling parameter
   configuration), knowledge distillation is more effective with specific
   scaling configurations.  © 2022 European Signal Processing Conference,
   EUSIPCO. All rights reserved.
DE neural networks; phinets; sound event detection; tinyml
ID audio acoustics; energy utilization; network architecture; signal
   processing; alarm triggering; end-devices; large models; law-enforcement
   agencies; neural networks; phinet; scaling parameter; sound event detection;
   tinyml; typical application; distillation

---

UT 1040
AR Reinschmidt E, 2022, PROC IEEE SENS, V2022-October, DOI
   10.1109/SENSORS52175.2022.9967346
TI Realtime Hand-Gesture Recognition Based on Novel Charge Variation Sensor and
   IMU
AU Reinschmidt E; Vogt C; Magno M
TC 11
SO PROC IEEE SENS
PY 2022
AB Wearable hand gesture devices are of growing interest to enhance human-
   machine interfaces as well as digital communication between humans.
   Although many solutions have been proposed using various sensing
   technologies, the development of a truly wearable, low power, reliable and
   unobtrusive device is still a challenge.  This work proposes a new device
   based on a combination of a novel electrostatic sensing circuit fused with a
   six degree of freedom Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU), to achieve a wearable
   bracelet capable of active gesture detection for over 11 hours on one
   battery charge.  Due to the proposed tiny machine learning model, gestures
   are detected in real time by an onboard ARM Cortex M33 microcontroller with
   an accuracy of up to 87%. The IMU gesture recognition is enhanced by the
   electrostatic sensing bracelet, increasing accuracy by more than 10% with
   respect to IMU only estimations.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE charge variation sensors; low power design; sensor fusion; tinyml; wearable
ID degrees of freedom ( mechanics ); digital communication systems; digital
   devices; electric power supplies to apparatus; gesture recognition; wearable
   sensors; charge variation; charge variation sensor; hand gesture
   recognition; inertial measurements units; low power design; real- time;
   sensor fusion; sensor measurements; tinyml; wearable; electrostatics

---

UT 1052
AR Pavan M, 2022, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN55064.2022.9892925
TI TinyML for UWB-radar based presence detection
AU Pavan M; Caltabiano A; Roveri M
TC 11
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a novel research area aiming at designing
   machine and deep learning models and algorithms able to be executed on tiny
   devices such as Internet-of-Things units, edge devices or embedded systems.
   In this paper we introduce, for the first time in the literature, a TinyML
   solution for presence-detection based on UltrawideBand (UWB) radar, which is
   a particularly promising radar technology for pervasive systems.  To achieve
   this goal we introduce a novel family of tiny convolutional neural networks
   for the processing of UWB-radar data characterized by a reduced memory
   footprint and computational demand so as to satisfy the severe technological
   constraints of tiny devices.  From this technological perspective, UWB-
   radars are particularly relevant in the presence-detection scenario since
   they do not acquire sensitive information of users (e.g., images, videos or
   audio), hence preserving their privacy.  The proposed solution has been
   successfully tested on a public-available benchmark for the indoor presence
   detection and on a real-world application of in-car presence detection.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE presence detection; privacy-preserving computation; tiny machine learning;
   ultra-wideband ( uwb ) radar
ID benchmarking; convolutional neural networks; deep learning; embedded
   systems; learning systems; privacy-preserving techniques; tracking radar;
   device system; embedded-system; learning models; machine learning; model and
   algorithms; presence detections; privacy-preserving computation; research
   areas; tiny machine learning; ultra-wideband radars; ultra-wideband ( uwb )

---

UT 1148
AR Bengherbia B, 2022, INT CONF THEOR APPL COMPUT SCI ENG ICTASCE, P32, DOI
   10.1109/ICTACSE50438.2022.10009707
TI Real-Time Smart System for ECG Monitoring Using a One-Dimensional
   Convolutional Neural Network
AU Bengherbia B; Aymene Berkani MR; Achir Z; Tobbal A; Rebiai M; Maazouz M
TC 11
SO INT CONF THEOR APPL COMPUT SCI ENG ICTASCE
PY 2022
AB Medical facilities and equipment have significantly advanced due to
   technological advancements in healthcare systems and diagnosis.  On the
   other hand, deep learning neural networks are among the most cutting-edge
   tools and technology in biomedical engineering.  In this context, the
   authors built an intelligent healthcare system to assist doctors in
   diagnosing cardiac illness by intelligently analysing the ECG signal.  The
   proposed system can automatically detect and classify different
   cardiovascular diseases using a one-dimensional convolutional neural network
   (1D-CNN). The CNN model was developed and evaluated using the MIT-BIH ECG
   database from Physionet, where the achieved accuracy and loss rate was 97%
   and 0.11 %, respectively.  An acquisition node was developed based on
   Arduino Uno and AD8232 sensor to collect and process the ECG signal.  The
   Raspberry Pi board was designed as the processing unit by implementing the
   proposed CNN model following the TinyML approach that allows machine
   learning to be executed on resource-constrained, embedded edge devices.
   Finally, the Node-Red server was used to test and display the different
   prediction results.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE 1d-cnn; cardiovascular disease; ecg signals; node-red; tinyml
ID biomedical engineering; biomedical signal processing; cardiology;
   convolution; cutting tools; deep learning; diseases; electrocardiograms;
   engineering education; healthcare; 1d-cnn; cardiovascular disease; cnn
   models; convolutional neural network; ecg signals; healthcare systems; node-
   red; one-dimensional; real- time; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1266
AR Profentzas C, 2022, INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
TI MiniLearn: On-Device Learning for Low-Power IoT Devices
AU Profentzas C; Almgren M; Landsiedel O
TC 11
SO INT CONF EMBED WIREL SYS NETW
PY 2022
AB Recent advances in machine learning enable new, intelligent applications in
   the Internet of Things.  For example, today’s smartwatches use Deep Neural
   Networks (DNNs) to detect and classify human activities.  The training of
   DNNs, however, is done offline with previously collected and labeled
   datasets using extensive computational resources such as GPUs on cloud
   services.  Once being quantized and deployed on an IoT device, a DNN
   commonly remains unchanged.  We argue that this static nature of trained
   DNNs strongly limits their flexibility to adapt to requirements that change
   dynamically.  For example, the device may need to adjust on the fly to the
   limited memory and energy resources, but only the retraining or pruning of
   the DNN in the cloud can address these issues.  Moreover, the user may need
   to add new classes or refine existing ones, due to different problem domains
   materializing dynamically.  Retraining DNNs requires a high volume of data
   collected from IoT devices and transmitted to the cloud.  However, IoT
   devices depend on energy-efficient communication with limited reliability
   and network bandwidth.  In addition, cloud storage of extensive IoT data
   raises significant privacy concerns.  This paper introduces MiniLearn that
   enables re-training of DNNs on resource-constrained IoT devices.  MiniLearn
   allows IoT devices to re-train and optimize pre-trained, quantized neural
   networks using IoT data collected during deployment of an IoT device.  We
   show that MiniLearn speeds up inference by a factor of up to 2 and requires
   up to 50% less memory compared to original DNN. In addition, MiniLearn
   increases classification accuracy for a sub-set by 3% to 9% of the original
   DNN. © 2022, Junction Publishing.  All rights reserved.
DE low power; on-device learning; tinyml

---

UT 1401
AR Bailey CP, 2022, IEEE METROCON METROCON, DOI
   10.1109/MetroCon56047.2022.9971140
TI Edge AI: Addressing the Efficiency Paradigm
AU Bailey CP; Depoian AC; Adams ER
TC 11
SO IEEE METROCON METROCON
PY 2022
AB Recent years have seen a growing trend towards massive deep learning neural
   network algorithms.  This movement is further perpetuated by the rapid
   growth in available computation.  While these giant models attain remarkable
   performance, the required computational cost is proportionally huge.  There
   is a resulting necessity for efficient and intelligent algorithm design that
   can achieve similar high performance to current state-of the-Art.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE edge ai; efficient machine learning; tinyml
ID edge computing; computational costs; edge ai; efficient machine learning;
   intelligent algorithms; learning neural networks; machine learning; neural
   networks algorithms; performance; rapid growth; tinyml; deep learning

---

UT 1073
AR Gimenez NL, 2022, MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO, DOI
   10.1109/MECO55406.2022.9797171
TI Comparison of Two Microcontroller Boards for On-Device Model Training in a
   Keyword Spotting Task
AU Gimenez NL; Freitag F; Lee J/1; Vandierendonck H
TC 10
SO MEDITERR CONF EMBED COMPUT MECO
PY 2022
AB Machine learning applications on resource-constrained devices such as
   microcontroller units often use models trained externally on more powerful
   devices.  This approach, however, limits a later adaptation of the machine
   learning model in the device to changing data.  Differently, on-device
   training allows the model to be updated for new datasets, but the training
   process needs to take into account the resource limitations of the device.
   This paper compares on-device training performance for a keyword spotting
   task using two popular microcontroller boards, Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense and
   Arduino Portenta H7, in terms of inference accuracy, training latency, and
   current consumption.  We use feedforward neural networks having a single
   hidden layer for models.  The inference accuracy has been significantly
   improved using the Portenta H7 board by employing more neurons fitted to its
   memory budget, compared to the Nano board.  With a neural network having 25
   neurons for a hidden layer, the 5.0 x inference and 4.2 x training speedups
   are achieved using the Arduino Portenta H7 board, compared to the Arduino
   Nano 33 BLE Sense.  While the memory of the Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense is
   capable to train a neural network for the keyword spotting task, the Arduino
   Portenta H7 gives new possibilities for exploring more complex models for
   more complex problems thanks to a larger memory budget and adapting a model
   to new data in lower latency.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID budget control; complex networks; controllers; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; multilayer neural networks; device modeling; hidden
   layers; iot; keyword spotting; machine learning applications; machine
   learning; microcontroller boards; model training; neural networks; tinyml;
   machine learning

---

UT 1089
AR Boner S, 2022, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS,
   P356, DOI 10.1109/AICAS54282.2022.9869848
TI Tiny TCN model for Gesture Recognition With Multi-point Low power ToF-
   Sensors
AU Boner S; Vogt C; Magno M
TC 10
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS
PY 2022
AB Gesture recognition is currently an important field of research, as it
   provides the basis for the next generation of Human Machine Interface.
   Especially recognizing gestures with touch-less technology has several
   advantages including, for example, the possibility of working with gloves
   either outside or in sterile environments.  In this work, we present a tiny
   machine learning neural network model exploiting a novel, miniaturized and
   low power Time of flight (ToF)-sensor from STMicroelectronics.  The
   algorithm is based on a combination of temporal convolutional networks and
   is optimized to work on an embedded small and low power ARM cortex-M4
   processor with a few kilo Byte of RAM, as employed in every recent Bluetooth
   Low Energy module.  A dataset has been collected with the ToF sensor for
   training and evaluation of the proposed algorithm.  The model has been
   evaluated for accuracy and a trade-off between computational resources and
   accuracy is presented.  The gesture recognition achieves a very high
   accuracy of over 96% over 6 different gestures.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE cnn; edge ai; gesture recognition; low power sensors; tcn; tinyml; wearable
   devices
ID convolutional neural networks; economic and social effects; low power
   electronics; wearable sensors; edge ai; gestures recognition; human machine
   interface; low power; low power sensor; multi-points; tcn; time-of-flight
   sensor; tinyml; wearable devices; gesture recognition

---

UT 1126
AR Sudharsan B, 2022, PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW, P862, DOI
   10.1145/3495243.3558264
TI TinyML-CAM: 80 FPS Image Recognition in 1 kB RAM
AU Sudharsan B; Salerno S; Ranjan R
TC 10
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW
PY 2022
AB TinyML: Tiny in size, big in impact!  This paper presents TinyML-CAM
   pipeline for real-Time and memory-efficient image recognition on IoT boards.
   TinyML-CAM can be used by developers to implement their customized tasks in
   30 minutes, with minimal code configuration.  We evaluated TinyML-CAM by
   using it to create a RandomForestClassifier (RF) based real-Time image
   recognition system, which ran at 80 FPS and consumed only 1 kB of RAM on
   ESP32.  © 2022 Owner/Author.
DE edge computing; image recognition; iot devices; tinyml
ID edge computing; internet of things; random access storage; code
   configuration; edge computing; image recognition system; iot device; memory
   efficient; real-time images; real- time; real-time images; time-efficient;
   tinyml; image recognition

---

UT 1195
AR Sanchez-Iborra R, 2022, COMPUT MATER CONTIN, V71, P3869, DOI
   10.32604/cmc.2022.022610
TI Tinyml-based fall detection for connected personal mobility vehicles
AU Sanchez-Iborra R; Bernal-Escobedo L; Santa J; Skarmeta A
TC 10
SO COMPUT MATER CONTIN
PY 2022
AB A new wave of electric vehicles for personal mobility is currently crowding
   public spaces.  They offer a sustainable and efficient way of getting around
   in urban environments, however, these devices bring additional safety
   issues, including serious accidents for riders.  Thereby, taking advantage
   of a connected personal mobility vehicle, we present a novel on-device
   Machine Learning (ML)-based fall detection system that analyzes data
   captured from a range of sensors integrated on an on-board unit (OBU)
   prototype.  Given the typical processing limitations of these elements, we
   exploit the potential of the TinyML paradigm, which enables embedding
   powerfulML algorithms in constrained units.  We have generated and publicly
   released a large dataset, including real riding measurements and
   realistically simulated falling events, which has been employed to produce
   different TinyML models.  The attained results show the good operation of
   the system to detect falls efficiently using embedded OBUs.  The considered
   algorithms have been successfully tested on mass-market low-power units,
   implying reduced energy consumption, flash footprints and running times,
   enabling new possibilities for this kind of vehicles.  © 2022 Tech Science
   Press.  All rights reserved.
DE c-its; iot; machine learning; on-board unit; personal mobility
ID energy utilization; fall detection; large dataset; machine learning;
   vehicles; c-its; detection system; fall detection; machine learning; on-
   board units; personal mobility; personal mobility vehicles; public space;
   safety issues; urban environments; internet of things

---

UT 1311
AR Risso M, 2022, IEEE INT GREEN SUSTAIN COMPUT CONF IGSC, DOI
   10.1109/IGSC55832.2022.9969373
TI Channel-wise Mixed-precision Assignment for DNN Inference on Constrained
   Edge Nodes
AU Risso M; Burrello A; Benini L; Macii E; Poncino M; Jahier Pagliari D
TC 10
SO IEEE INT GREEN SUSTAIN COMPUT CONF IGSC
PY 2022
AB Quantization is widely employed in both cloud and edge systems to reduce the
   memory occupation, latency, and energy consumption of deep neural networks.
   In particular, mixed-precision quantization, i.e., the use of different bit-
   widths for different portions of the network, has been shown to provide
   excellent efficiency gains with limited accuracy drops, especially with
   optimized bit-width assignments determined by automated Neural Architecture
   Search (NAS) tools.  State-of-The-Art mixed-precision works layer-wise,
   i.e., it uses different bit-widths for the weights and activations tensors
   of each network layer.  In this work, we widen the search space, proposing a
   novel NAS that selects the bit-width of each weight tensor channel
   independently.  This gives the tool the additional flexibility of assigning
   a higher precision only to the weights associated with the most informative
   features.  Testing on the MLPerf Tiny benchmark suite, we obtain a rich
   collection of Pareto-optimal models in the accuracy vs model size and
   accuracy vs energy spaces.  When deployed on the MPIC RISC-V edge processor,
   our networks reduce the memory and energy for inference by up to 63% and 27%
   respectively compared to a layer-wise approach, for the same accuracy.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE deep learning; nas; quantization; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; energy utilization; network layers; pareto principle;
   bit-width; deep learning; edge nodes; energy-consumption; layer-wise; mixed
   precision; neural architecture search; neural architectures; quantization;
   tinyml; tensors

---

UT 1344
AR Yousuf MF, 2022, IEEE MICROELECTRON DES TEST SYMP MDTS, DOI
   10.1109/MDTS54894.2022.9826935
TI IBUG: AI Enabled IoT Sensing Platform for Real-Time Environmental Monitoring
AU Yousuf MF; Siddique T; Mahmud MDS
TC 10
SO IEEE MICROELECTRON DES TEST SYMP MDTS
PY 2022
AB Microcontroller-based smart devices and sensing systems have exploded in
   popularity in recent years, owing to the growing adoption of Internet of
   Things (IoT) platforms.  Due to the widespread deployment of environmental
   sensing technology and digitization, data creation has surged to never-
   before-seen levels.  However, it is computationally expensive to transport
   all these data to the cloud systems for decision making specially for
   battery operated sensor nodes.  As a result, edge AI has arisen as a viable
   alternative to traditional AI, capable of making simple decisions without
   the assistance of any cloud system, making it more energy efficient and
   reducing the requirement for continuous data transfer.  A single-board IoT
   platform capable of performing slimmer version of machine learning with
   multiple wireless protocols have become increasingly popular for this
   purpose.  In this paper we demonstrate an energy efficient IoT platform
   (iBUG) that already has numerous built-in sensors.  We also present an
   algorithm utilizing TensorFlow lite to accurately predict CO2 using only gas
   resistance.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge ai; iot; machine learning; real-time; sensor; tinyml
ID data transfer; decision making; energy efficiency; environmental technology;
   machine learning; sensor nodes; cloud systems; edge ai; energy efficient;
   environmental monitoring; machine learning; microcontroller-based; real-
   time; sensing platforms; smart sensing; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1346
AR Probierz E, 2022, INT CONF METHODS MODEL AUTOM ROBOT MMAR - PROC, P146, DOI
   10.1109/MMAR55195.2022.9874278
TI Application of Tiny-ML methods for face recognition in social robotics using
   OhBot robots
AU Probierz E; Bartosiak N; Wojnar M; Skowronski K; Galuszka A; Grzejszczak T;
   Kedziora O
TC 10
SO INT CONF METHODS MODEL AUTOM ROBOT MMAR - PROC
PY 2022
AB The aim of this paper is to show the possible application of Tiny-ML family
   neural networks to social robots for face recognition.  Social robotics is a
   constantly developing field that allows the production and development of
   robots whose task is to accompany humans, participate in social situations
   and perform specific educational, entertainment and therapeutic tasks.  One
   of the fundamental problems of social robotics is the proper recognition of
   humans by robots.  This poses a critical problem because it is the moment
   when human-robot contact is initiated.  Widespread solutions, in addition to
   high efficiency, also require adequate computing power, which in social
   robots cannot always be provided.  For this purpose, solutions from the
   Tiny-ML stream are used, i.e.  such a construction of neural networks and
   machine learning that would be adapted to limited technological resources
   and, at the same time, equally effective.  The paper uses a YOLOv4-tiny
   network, which was compared to a YOLOv5s solution, both in terms of
   efficiency and processing time.  The proposed networks were tested on social
   robots of the OhBot type and with extended capabilities, by using Neural
   Sticks.  The results obtained show the highest efficiency of the implemented
   YOLOv5s network using a Raspberry Pi along with an accelerator.  The
   presented research is an opportunity to draw attention to the problem of
   computational complexity in robotic applications, and also has the potential
   to popularize social robots and their use in everyday life.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE face detection; neural networks; ohbot robots; social robots; tiny-yolo
ID computing power; efficiency; social robots; computing power; critical
   problems; faces detection; higher efficiency; human robots; neural networks;
   ohbot robot; social robotics; social robots; tiny-yolo; face recognition

---

UT 1178
AR Avi A, 2022, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN55064.2022.9892356
TI Incremental Online Learning Algorithms Comparison for Gesture and Visual
   Smart Sensors
AU Avi A; Albanese A; Brunelli D
TC 9
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2022
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) in IoT systems exploits MCUs as edge devices
   for data processing.  However, traditional TinyML methods can only perform
   inference, limited to static environments or classes.  Real case scenarios
   usually work in dynamic environments, thus drifting the context where the
   original neural model is no more suitable.  For this reason, pre-trained
   models reduce accuracy and reliability during their lifetime because the
   data recorded slowly becomes obsolete or new patterns appear.  Continual
   learning strategies maintain the model up to date, with runtime fine-tuning
   of the parameters.  This paper compares four state-of-the-art algorithms in
   two real applications: i) gesture recognition based on accelerometer data
   and ii) image classification.  Our results confirm these systems'
   reliability and the feasibility of deploying them in tiny-memory MCUs, with
   a drop in the accuracy of a few percentage points with respect to the
   original models for unconstrained computing platforms.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE dataset; neural networks; online learning; tinyml
ID data handling; e-learning; internet of things; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; algorithm comparison; dataset; machine learning methods;
   machine learning; neural networks; online learning; online learning
   algorithms; real case scenarios; static environment; tinyml; learning
   algorithms

---

UT 1207
AR Perego R, 2022, EXPERT SYS APPL, V207, DOI 10.1016/j.eswa.2022.117876
TI AutoTinyML for microcontrollers: Dealing with black-box deployability
AU Perego R; Candelieri A; Archetti F; Pau D
TC 9
SO EXPERT SYS APPL
PY 2022
AB While many companies are currently leveraging on Cloud, data centres and
   specialized hardware (e.g., GPUs and TPUs) to train very accurate Machine
   Learning models, the need to deploy and run these models on tiny devices is
   emerging as the most relevant challenge, with a massive untapped market.
   Although Automated Machine Learning and Neural Architecture Search
   frameworks are successfully used to find accurate models by trying a small
   number of alternatives, they are typically performed on large computational
   platforms and they cannot directly deal with deployability, leading to an
   accurate model which could result undeployable on a tiny device.  To bridge
   the gap between these two worlds, we present an approach extending these
   frameworks to include the constraints related to the limited hardware
   resources of the tiny device which the trained model has to run on.
   Experimental results on two benchmark classification tasks and two
   microcontrollers prove that our AutoTinyML framework can efficiently
   identify models which are both accurate and deployable, in case accepting a
   reasonable reduction in accuracy compared to a significant reduction in
   hardware usages, without applying any quantization techniques of the model.
   © 2022
DE automated machine learning; bayesian optimization; deep neural networks;
   hyper-parameter optimization; neural architecture search; tiny machine
   learning
ID bayesian networks; microcontrollers; network architecture; program
   processors; automated machine learning; automated machines; bayesian
   optimization; deployability; hyper-parameter optimizations; machine
   learning; neural architecture search; neural architectures; tiny machine
   learning; deep neural networks

---

UT 1368
AR Hayajneh AM, 2022, IEEE MIDDLE EAST NORTH AFR COMMUN CONF MENACOMM, P215,
   DOI 10.1109/MENACOMM57252.2022.9998267
TI Channel State Information based Device Free Wireless Sensing for IoT Devices
   Employing TinyML
AU Hayajneh AM; Aldalahmeh S; Zaidi SAR; McLernon D; Obeidollah H; Alsakarnah R
TC 9
SO IEEE MIDDLE EAST NORTH AFR COMMUN CONF MENACOMM
PY 2022
AB The channel state information (CSI) of the sub-carriers employed in
   orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems has been employed
   traditionally for channel equalisation.  However, the CSI intrinsically is a
   signature of the operational RF environment and can serve as a proxy for
   certain activities in the operational environment.  For instance, the CSI
   gets influenced by scatterers and therefore can be an indicator of how many
   scatterers or if there are mobile scatterers etc.  The mapping between the
   activities whose signature CSI encodes and the raw data is not
   deterministic.  Nevertheless, machine learning (ML) based approaches can
   provide a reliable classification for patterns of life.  Most of these
   approaches have only been implemented in lab environments.  This is mainly
   because the hardware requirements for capturing CSI, processing it and
   performing signal-processing algorithms are too complex to be implemented in
   commercial devices.  The increased proliferation of IoT sensors and the
   development of edge-based ML capabilities using the TinyML framework opens
   up possibilities for the implementation of these techniques at scale on
   commercial devices.  Using RF signature instead of more invasive methods
   e.g.  cameras or wearable devices provide ease of deployment, intrinsic
   privacy and better usability.  The design space of device-free wireless
   sensing (DFWS) is complex and involves device, firmware and ML
   considerations.  In this article, we present a comprehensive overview and
   key considerations for the implementation of such solutions.  We also
   demonstrate the viability of these approaches using a simple case study.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE edge computing; machine learning; tinyml; wireless sensing
ID edge computing; firmware; internet of things; machine learning; orthogonal
   frequency division multiplexing; channel equalization; channel state
   information; commercial devices; device-free; edge computing; machine
   learning; orthogonal frequency division multiplexing systems; sub-carriers;
   tinyml; wireless sensing; channel state information

---

UT 1384
AR Altayeb M, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P132, DOI 10.1145/3524458.3547258
TI Classifying mosquito wingbeat sound using TinyML
AU Altayeb M; Zennaro M; Rovai M
TC 9
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Every year more than one billion people are infected and more than one
   million people die from vector-borne diseases including malaria, dengue,
   zika and chikungunya.  Mosquitoes are the best known disease vector and are
   geographically spread worldwide.  It is important to raise awareness of
   mosquito proliferation by monitoring their incidence, especially in poor
   regions.  Acoustic detection of mosquitoes has been studied for long and ML
   can be used to automatically identify mosquito species by their wingbeat.
   We present a prototype solution based on an openly available dataset, on the
   Edge Impulse platform and on three commercially-available TinyML devices.
   The proposed solution is low-power, low-cost and can run without human
   intervention in resource-constrained areas.  By adding LoRaWAN
   communications capabilities the system can send classification inference
   results over long distances.  This insect monitoring solution can reach a
   global scale.  © 2022 ACM.
DE ml; mosquito; neural networks; tinyml
ID acoustic detection; chikungunya; disease vectors; low power; ml; mosquito;
   mosquito species; neural networks; tinyml; vector-borne disease

---

UT 1462
AR Piątkowski D, 2022, APPL SCI, V12, DOI 10.3390/app12010484
TI TinyML-Based Concept System Used to Analyze Whether the Face Mask Is Worn
   Properly in Battery-Operated Conditions
AU Piątkowski D; Walkowiak K
TC 9
SO APPL SCI
PY 2022
AB As the COVID-19 pandemic emerged, everyone’s attention was brought to the
   topic of the health and safety of the entire human population.  It has been
   proven that wearing a face mask can help limit the spread of the virus.
   Despite the enormous efforts of people around the world, there still exists
   a group of people that wear face masks incorrectly.  In order to provide the
   best level of safety for everyone, face masks must be worn correctly,
   especially indoors, for example, in shops, cinemas and theaters.  As
   security guards can only handle a limited area of the frequently visited
   objects, intelligent sensors can be used.  In order to mount them on the
   shelves in the shops or near the cinema cash register queues, they need to
   be capable of battery operation.  This restricts the sensor to be as energy-
   efficient as possible, in order to prolong the battery life of such devices.
   The cost is also a factor, as cheaper devices will result in higher
   accessibility.  An interesting and quite novel approach that can answer all
   these challenges is a TinyML system, that can be defined as a combination of
   two concepts: Machine Learning (ML) and Internet of Things (IoT). The TinyML
   approach enables the usage of ML algorithms on boards equipped with low-
   cost, low-power microcontrollers without sacrificing the classifier quality.
   The main goal of this paper is to propose a battery-operated TinyML system
   that can be used for verification whether the face mask is worn properly.
   To this end, we carefully analyze several ML approaches to find the best
   method for the considered task.  After detailed analysis of computation and
   memory complexity as well as after some preliminary experiments, we propose
   to apply the K-means algorithm with carefully designed filters and a sliding
   window technique, since this method provides high accuracy with the required
   energy-efficiency for the considered classification problem related to
   verification of using the face mask.  The STM32F411 chip is selected as the
   best microcontroller for the considered task.  Next, we perform wide
   experiments to verify the proposed ML framework implemented in the selected
   hardware platform.  The obtained results show that the developed ML-system
   offers satisfactory performance in terms of high accuracy and lower power
   consumption.  It should be underlined that the low-power aspect makes it
   possible to install the proposed system in places without the access to
   power, as well as reducing the carbon footprint of AI-focused industry which
   is not negligible.  Our proposed TinyML system solution is able to deliver
   very high-quality metric values with accuracy, True Positive Ratio (TPR),
   True Negative Ratio (TNR), precision and recall being over 96% for masked
   face classification while being able to reach up to 145 days of uptime using
   a typical 18650 battery with capacity of 2500 mAh and nominal voltage of 3.7
   V. The results are obtained using a STM32F411 microcontroller with 100 MHz
   ARM Cortex M4, which proves that execution of complex computer vision tasks
   is possible on such low-power devices.  It should be noted that the
   STM32F411 microcontroller draws only 33 mW during operation.  © 2022 by the
   authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE computer vision; covid-19; embedded systems; face masks; machine learning;
   tinyml

---

UT 1469
AR Gambella M, 2022, CONF PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN, V2022-October,
   P2918, DOI 10.1109/SMC53654.2022.9945080
TI CNAS: Constrained Neural Architecture Search
AU Gambella M; Falcetta A; Roveri M
TC 9
SO CONF PROC IEEE INT CONF SYST MAN CYBERN
PY 2022
AB Neural Architecture Search (NAS) paves the way for the automatic definition
   of neural networks architectures.  The research interest in this field is
   steadily growing with several solutions available in the literature.  This
   study introduces, for the first time in the literature, a NAS solution,
   called Constrained NAS (CNAS), able to take into account constraints on the
   search of the designed neural architecture.  Specifically, CNAS is able to
   consider both functional constraints (i.e., the type of operations that can
   be carried out in the neural network) and technological constraints (i.e.,
   constraints on the computational and memory demand of the designed neural
   network). CNAS has been successfully applied to Tiny Machine Learning and
   Privacy-Preserving Deep Learning with Homomorphic Encryption being two
   relevant and challenging application scenarios where functional and
   technological constraints are relevant in the neural network search.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE constrained optimization; ho-momorphic encryption; neural architecture
   search ( nas ); once-for-all network ( ofa ); tiny machine learning
ID cryptography; deep learning; learning systems; network architecture;
   functional constraints; ho-momorphic encryptions; homomorphic-encryptions;
   machine learning; neural architecture search; neural architectures; neural
   networks; once-for-all network; technological constraints; tiny machine
   learning; constrained optimization

---

UT 1137
AR Sheth D, 2022, PROC - ACM/IEEE INT CONF PROCESS SENS NETWORKS IPSN, P527,
   DOI 10.1109/IPSN54338.2022.00064
TI Poster Abstract: Embedded ML Pipeline for Precision Agriculture
AU Sheth D; Sudharsan B; Breslin JG; Ali MI
TC 8
SO PROC - ACM/IEEE INT CONF PROCESS SENS NETWORKS IPSN
PY 2022
AB Invariable of the agriculture type (precision, smart, or digital), the
   monitoring process of factors that increase the crop yield and growth is
   mostly non-ML, manually structured approaches with practical pain points.
   In this scenario, to reduce monitoring costs and maintenance efforts, there
   is a requirement for low-cost semi-autonomous distributed systems that can
   remotely collect plant data and perform standalone ML-based analytics
   without depending on cloud servers or the internet.  In this work, we
   provide an embedded ML pipeline, which users can use/follow for end-to-end
   solution design and implementation for any of their use-cases.  To
   demonstrate the pipeline, we use it to collect image data, train a CNN-based
   regression algorithm, perform hardware-specific tuning, generate optimized
   code, and deploy binaries on Sony Spresense setup.  The initial testing
   shows that even the resource-constrained MCU-based Spresense, in real-time
   (992 ms), high performance (96.2% accuracy, 1.86 cm2 RMSE), could analyze a
   plant in a semi-autonomous environment to predict the leaf area and plant
   growth.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE iot devices; optimization; precision agriculture; tinyml
ID costs; data acquisition; internet of things; precision agriculture; crop
   growth; crop yield; iot device; maintenance efforts; monitoring costs;
   monitoring process; optimizations; precision agriculture; structured
   approach; tinyml; pipelines

---

UT 1192
AR Roy A, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22072514
TI An On-Device Learning System for Estimating Liquid Consumption from
   Consumer-Grade Water Bottles and Its Evaluation
AU Roy A; Dutta H; Griffith H; Biswas S/1
TC 8
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB A lightweight on-device liquid consumption estimation system involving an
   energy-aware machine learning algorithm is developed in this work.  This
   system consists of two separate on-device neural network models that carry
   out liquid consumption estimation with the result of two tasks: the
   detection of sip from gestures with which the bottle is handled by its user
   and the detection of first sips after a bottle refill.  This predictive
   volume estimation framework incorporates a self-correction mechanism that
   can minimize the error after each bottle fill-up cycle, which makes the
   system robust to errors from the sip classification module.  In this paper,
   a detailed characterization of sip detection is performed to understand the
   accuracy-complexity tradeoffs by developing and implementing a variety of
   different ML models with varying complexities.  The maximum energy consumed
   by the entire framework is around 119 mJ during a maximum computation time
   of 300 µs.  The energy consumption and computation times of the proposed
   framework is suitable for implementation in low-power embedded hardware that
   can be incorporated in consumer grade water bottles.  © 2022 by the authors.
   Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.  This article is an open access article
   distributed under the terms and conditions of the Creative Commons
   Attribution (CC BY) license (https:// creativecommons.org/licenses/by/
   4.0/).
DE drink volume estimation; embedded machine learning; neural networks; on-
   device classification; sip detection; tinyml
ID algorithms; computers; gestures; machine learning; neural networks computer;
   energy utilization; internet protocols; learning algorithms; liquids;
   machine learning; power management ( telecommunication ); computation time;
   device classifications; drink volume estimation; embedded machine learning;
   neural networks; on-device classification; sip detection; tinyml; volume
   estimations; water bottle; algorithm; computer; gesture; machine learning;
   bottles

---

UT 1198
AR Sakr F, 2022, PROC IEEE INT CONF EDGE COMPUT, V2022-July, P169, DOI
   10.1109/EDGE55608.2022.00032
TI Memory Efficient Binary Convolutional Neural Networks on Microcontrollers
AU Sakr F; Berta R; Doyle J; Younes H; De Gloria A; Bellotti F
TC 8
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF EDGE COMPUT
PY 2022
AB Binarization is a machine learning optimization for limited resource devices
   that has achieved significant results in edge applications.  As
   microcontrollers are the mainstream platform for field applications in
   industry, this article investigates memory efficient deployment of binary
   neural networks (BNNs) to such devices.  To this end, we developed a library
   of binarized NN layers in platform-independent C language.  The
   implementation optimizes the memory footprint by adapting the number of
   filters and neurons for each layer to the C language specifications (8 bit
   addressable spacing and 32 bit floating points). We tested the library by
   implementing a BNN for robotic touch classification on a Cortex-M7
   microcontroller.  Experimental results show the validity of the proposed
   hardware and software architecture, with improvements over the state of the
   art in robotic touch classification in terms of accuracy (+2%), memory
   footprint (+15%), and latency (+25%).  © 2022 IEEE.
DE binary neural networks; c language; cortex-m micrcontrollers; edge
   computing; robotic touch; tinyml
ID c ( programming language ); controllers; convolutional neural networks;
   digital arithmetic; edge computing; robotics; binary neural networks; c
   language; convolutional neural network; cortex-m micrcontroller; cortexes;
   edge computing; memory efficient; memory footprint; robotic touch; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1299
AR Gkogkidis A, 2022, SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC
   MEDIA CONF SEEDA-CECNSM, DOI 10.1109/SEEDA-CECNSM57760.2022.9932962
TI A TinyML-based Alcohol Impairment Detection System For Vehicle Accident
   Prevention
AU Gkogkidis A; Tsoukas V; Kakarountas A
TC 8
SO SOUTH-EAST EUR DES AUTOM COMPUT ENG COMPUT NETWORKS SOC MEDIA CONF SEEDA-
   CECNSM
PY 2022
AB Driving under the influence of alcohol is one of the most severe and
   critical problems in every country throughout the world.  Driving is a
   difficult endeavor that demands a high degree of concentration and great
   visual processing.  A system based on the Internet of Things can be utilized
   to measure drivers' alcohol level and restrict their operation of motor
   vehicles.  This technology is affordable but has a number of disadvantages,
   including the requirement for an internet connection, the transfer of data
   to other organizations, bandwidth and latency constraints, and security
   concerns.  TinyML is an emerging technology that can overcome the
   aforementioned challenges by performing machine learning models locally and
   delivering real-time intelligence.  In this work, the possibility of
   developing a TinyML-based system that can detect alcohol and alert the
   driver was investigated.  The experimental findings demonstrate a high
   degree of accuracy, indicating that the technology under consideration may
   be utilized to develop compact, intelligent, and inexpensive devices capable
   of detecting alcohol and alerting the driver in real-time.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE alcohol detection; constrained hardware; machine learning; microcontrollers;
   sensors; tinyml
ID accidents; data transfer; machine learning; alcohol detection; alcohol
   levels; constrained hardware; critical problems; detection system; driving
   under the influence; machine learning; tinyml; vehicle accidents; visual-
   processing; microcontrollers

---

UT 1304
AR Hernandez SM, 2022, WISEML - PROC ACM WORK WIREL SECUR MACH LEARN, P9, DOI
   10.1145/3522783.3529521
TI Online Stream Sampling for Low-Memory On-Device Edge Training for WiFi
   Sensing
AU Hernandez SM; Bulut E
TC 8
SO WISEML - PROC ACM WORK WIREL SECUR MACH LEARN
PY 2022
AB Deploying machine learning models on-board edge devices allows for low
   latency model inference and data privacy by keeping sensor data local to the
   computation rather than at a central server.  However, typical TinyML
   systems train a single global model which is duplicated across all edge
   devices.  This leads to a model that is generalized to the training data,
   but not specialized to the unique physical environment where the device is
   deployed.  In this work, we evaluate how we can train machine learning
   models on-board low-memory edge devices with streams of incoming data.  When
   using these low-memory devices, storage space is at a minimum and as such,
   representative data samples from the data stream must be captured to ensure
   that the models can improve even with a limited set of available training
   samples.  We propose the Variable Low/High Loss sampling method for
   selecting representative data samples from a data stream and demonstrate
   that our methods are able to increase the accuracy of the machine learning
   model compared to state-of-the-art methods.  We demonstrate the
   applicability of our proposed method for WiFi sensing based human activity
   detection, where WiFi signals are used to predict human activities in a
   given environment without requiring sensors on their bodies.  © 2022
   Owner/Author.
DE edge learning; importance sampling; on-device machine learning; tinyml; wi-
   fi sensing
ID data privacy; e-learning; importance sampling; machine learning; wireless
   local area networks ( wlan ); data stream; edge learning; low memory;
   machine learning models; machine learning; on-device machine learning;
   representative data samples; stream sampling; tinyml; wi-fi sensing; digital
   storage

---

UT 1383
AR Scherer M, 2022, IEEE SYMP LOW-POWER HIGH-SPEED CHIPS SYST COOL CHIPS -
   PROC, DOI 10.1109/COOLCHIPS54332.2022.9772668
TI A 1036 TOp/s/W, 12.2 mW, 2.72 μJ/Inference All Digital TNN Accelerator in 22
   nm FDX Technology for TinyML Applications
AU Scherer M; Di Mauro A; Rutishauser G; Fischer T; Benini L
TC 8
SO IEEE SYMP LOW-POWER HIGH-SPEED CHIPS SYST COOL CHIPS - PROC
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) applications impose μJ/Inference constraints,
   with maximum power consumption of a few tens of mW. It is extremely
   challenging to meet these requirement at a reasonable accuracy level.  In
   this work, we address this challenge with a flexible, fully digital Ternary
   Neural Network (TNN) accelerator in a RISC-V-based SoC. The design achieves
   2.72 μJ/Inference, 12.2 mW, 3200 Inferences/sec at 0.5 V for a non-trivial
   9-layer, 96 channels-per-layer network with CIFAR-10 accuracy of 86 %. The
   peak energy efficiency is 1036 TOp/s/W, outperforming the state-of-the-art
   in silicon-proven TinyML accelerators by 1.67x.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE iot; machine learning; risc-v; soc; tinyml; tnn; vlsi
ID energy efficiency; internet of things; machine learning; network layers;
   vlsi circuits; all digital; machine learning applications; machine learning;
   maximum power; neural networks; reasonable accuracy; risc-v; ternary neural
   network; tiny machine learning; system-on-chip

---

UT 1048
AR Karges N, 2022, PROC INT CONGR ACOUST
TI Soundscapes on edge - The real-time machine learning approach for measuring
   Soundscapes on resource-constrained devices
AU Karges N; Staab J; Rauh J; Wegmann M; Taubenböck H
TC 7
SO PROC INT CONGR ACOUST
PY 2022
AB According to the WHO, noise is a growing problem in urban areas and the
   second most common environmental cause of health issues in Europe.  As a
   complementary approach to noise maps based on sound pressure levels,
   soundscape maps can be a useful tool for urban planning, providing more
   information about how people perceive acoustic environments.  This study
   describes an in-situ soundscape monitoring system based on WASN (Wireless
   Acoustic Sensor Network) for statistical spatial-temporal prediction of
   soundscapes in urban areas.  Soundscape data on specifically defined spatial
   scales were observed and evaluated using a microcontroller with a 32-bit
   nRF52840 Nordic Semiconductors CPU and 1MB of memory in a multifunctional
   urban area.  The use of TinyML enabled machine learning algorithms provided
   state-of-the-art soundscape classification to a low-cost edge device with
   extreme resource constraints regarding memory, speed, and lack of GPU
   support.  Sound source types are classified into anthrophony, traffic,
   biophony, and geophony sounds using ESC-50 for evaluation.  Our final MFCC-
   based CNN achieved an accuracy of 81.6% and even reached higher accuracy in
   the enclosed studio test.  The results show that it is computationally
   feasible to classify soundscapes on low-power microcontrollers and
   potentially inform decision-makers based on extended sound analysis.  © ICA
   2022.All rights reserved
DE soundscape; tinyml; wasn
ID acoustic noise; decision making; learning algorithms; machine learning;
   wireless sensor networks; health issues; machine learning approaches; noise
   map; real- time; resource-constrained devices; soundscapes; time machine;
   tinyml; urban areas; wireless acoustic sensor networks; urban planning

---

UT 1156
AR Mujtaba A, 2022, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS, V69, P5124, DOI
   10.1109/TCSII.2022.3205029
TI Low Latency Implementations of CNN for Resource-Constrained IoT Devices
AU Mujtaba A; Lee W-K; Hwang SO
TC 7
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS
PY 2022
AB Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) inference on a resource-constrained
   Internet-of-Things (IoT) device (i.e., ARM Cortex-M microcontroller)
   requires careful optimization to reduce the timing overhead.  We propose two
   novel techniques to improve the computational efficiency of CNNs by
   targeting low-cost microcontrollers.  Our techniques utilize on-chip memory
   and minimize redundant operations, yielding low-latency inference results on
   complex quantized models such as MobileNetV1. On the ImageNet dataset for
   per-layer quantization, we reduce inference latency and Multiply-and-
   Accumulate (MAC) per cycle by 22.4% and 22.9%, respectively, compared to the
   state-of-the-art mixed-precision CMix-NN library.  On the CIFAR-10 dataset
   for per-channel quantization, we reduce inference latency and MAC per cycle
   by 31.7% and 31.3%, respectively.  The achieved low-latency inference
   results can improve the user experience and save power budget in resource-
   constrained IoT devices.  © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural networks; internet of things; microcontrollers; tinyml
ID budget control; computational efficiency; constrained optimization;
   controllers; convolution; internet of things; microcontrollers; neural
   networks; particle swarm optimization ( pso ); programmable logic
   controllers; quantization ( signal ); convolutional neural network; kernel;
   low latency; memory-management; multiply-and-accumulate; network inference;
   optimizations; quantization ( signal ); systems-on-chip; tinyml; system-on-
   chip

---

UT 1199
AR Pau D, 2022, MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC, P758, DOI
   10.1109/MELECON53508.2022.9843050
TI Automated Neural and On-Device Learning for Micro Controllers
AU Pau D; Ambrose PK
TC 7
SO MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB mW power consumption envelope, and below, is a pillar of the TinyML
   community, which aggregates contributions on algorithms, tools, software,
   and hardware for machine learning at the edge.  In the tinyML context, this
   paper presents the state-of-the-art review of different approaches for
   Neural Architecture Search targeting resource constrained devices such as
   microcontrollers (MCU). As well as the implementations of On-Device Learning
   techniques for them.  On the former, part of the paper reviews different
   approaches of Neural Architecture Search which consider the hardware
   constraints into the search mechanism and how they have been able to design
   a tiny neural network with low memory and computational requirements which
   can be deployed on cheap and off-the-shelf MCU. On the latter, the paper
   reviews the approaches and advanced solutions for On-Device Learning with
   MCU to address the concept drift and cope with the accuracy drop on real
   time data.  Moreover, this paper also introduces Extreme Learning Machines
   (ELM) for feature extraction and some preliminary results using Restricted
   Coulomb Energy neural network for On-Device Classification Learning which is
   highly storage conservative and more suitable for tiny, embedded devices.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE microcontrollers; neural architecture search; on-device learning; resource
   constraints; tiny machine learning
ID controllers; digital storage; learning systems; microcontrollers; network
   architecture; a pillars; machine learning; microcontroller; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; on-device learning; resource
   constraint; software and hardwares; state of the art reviews; tiny machine
   learning; machine learning

---

UT 1261
AR Tsoukas V, 2022, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1614 CCIS, P316, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-12641-3_26
TI Elements of TinyML on Constrained Resource Hardware
AU Tsoukas V; Gkogkidis A; Kakarountas A
TC 7
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2022
AB The next phase of intelligent computing could be entirely reliant on the
   Internet of Things (IoT). The IoT is critical in changing industries into
   smarter entities capable of providing high-quality services and products.
   The widespread adoption of IoT devices raises numerous issues concerning the
   privacy and security of data gathered and retained by these services.  This
   concern increases exponentially when such data is generated by healthcare
   applications.  To develop genuinely intelligent devices, data must be
   transferred to the cloud for processing due to the computationally costly
   nature of current Neural Network implementations.  Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) is a new technology that has been presented by the scientific
   community as a means of developing autonomous and secure devices that can
   gather, process, and provide output without transferring data to remote
   third party organizations.  This work presents three distinct TinyML
   applications to cope with the aforementioned issues and open the road for
   intelligent machines that provide tailored results to their users.  © 2022,
   The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE constrained hardware; emerging technologies; internet of things; neural
   networks; tinyml
ID security of data; constrained hardware; constrained resources; emerging
   technologies; healthcare application; high-quality service; high-quality
   products; machine learning; neural networks; privacy and security; tiny
   machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 1286
AR D’Souza O, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22218143
TI Health, Security and Fire Safety Process Optimisation Using Intelligence at
   the Edge
AU D’Souza O; Mukhopadhyay SC; Sheng M
TC 7
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB The proliferation of sensors to capture parametric measures or event data
   over a myriad of networking topologies is growing exponentially to improve
   our daily lives.  Large amounts of data must be shared on constrained
   network infrastructure, increasing delays and loss of valuable real-time
   information.  Our research presents a solution for the health, security,
   safety, and fire domains to obtain temporally synchronous, credible and
   high-resolution data from sensors to maintain the temporal hierarchy of
   reported events.  We developed a multisensor fusion framework with energy
   conservation via domain-specific “wake up” triggers that turn on low-power
   model-driven microcontrollers using machine learning (TinyML) models.  We
   investigated optimisation techniques using anomaly detection modes to
   deliver real-time insights in demanding life-saving situations.  Using
   energy-efficient methods to analyse sensor data at the point of creation, we
   facilitated a pathway to provide sensor customisation at the “edge”, where
   and when it is most needed.  We present the application and generalised
   results in a real-life health care scenario and explain its application and
   benefits in other named researched domains.  © 2022 by the authors.
DE edge analytics; energy harvesting; fire safety; healthcare; machine
   learning; safety; security; tinyml
ID delivery of healthcare; intelligence; machine learning; anomaly detection;
   energy efficiency; energy harvesting; healthcare; optimization; edge
   analytic; fire safety; health safety; health security; machine learning;
   networking topologies; process optimization; safety process; security;
   tinyml; healthcare delivery; intelligence; machine learning; machine
   learning

---

UT 1301
AR Dai W, 2022, INT CONF PATTERN RECOGNIT ARTIF INTELL PRAI, P804, DOI
   10.1109/PRAI55851.2022.9904109
TI TinyML-Enabled Static Hand Gesture Recognition System Based on an Ultra-Low
   Resolution Infrared Array Sensor and a Low-Cost AI Chip
AU Dai W; Zhou L
TC 7
SO INT CONF PATTERN RECOGNIT ARTIF INTELL PRAI
PY 2022
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) aims to bring machine learning to the extreme
   edge, i.e., the microcontroller next to the sensor, which is expected to
   unlock new smart applications and pave the way for the last mile of
   artificial intelligence.  Meanwhile, gesture recognition, as an important
   technology for realizing human-computer interaction (HCI), is of great
   significance for enabling convenient interaction between people and smart
   devices.  Currently, the more mature static hand gesture recognition
   solutions include the use of data gloves or vision cameras to capture static
   hand gestures, which have many limitations in practical applications, such
   as cumbersome wearing process and performance affected by lighting
   conditions, and the processing platform mostly relies on cloud or edge
   servers.  Considering the above limitations, in this paper, we design and
   implement a static hand gesture recognition system based on an ultra-low
   resolution infrared array sensor and a low-cost AI chip from the perspective
   of tiny machine learning applications.  On the one hand, a fast method of
   collecting and labeling sensor data is introduced, and on the other hand, an
   ultra-lightweight neural network model is customized for the low-cost AI
   chip.  The experimental results show that the static hand gesture
   recognition system designed and implemented in this paper has 99.14%
   recognition accuracy for several simple static hand gestures, and its
   inference time at the microcontroller side is around 35ms, which can achieve
   accurate and real-time recognition with low cost, strong anti-interference
   capability and good privacy.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; gesture recognition; infrared array sensor;
   tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; gesture recognition; human computer
   interaction; machine learning; microcontrollers; palmprint recognition;
   array sensors; convolutional neural network; gesture recognition system;
   gestures recognition; infrared array sensor; infrared arrays; low-costs;
   machine learning; static hand gesture recognition; tiny machine learning;
   costs

---

UT 1357
AR Phillips JM, 2022, IEEE INT CONF SMART COMMUNITIES IMPROV QUAL LIFE ICT IOT
   AI HONET, P214, DOI 10.1109/HONET56683.2022.10019106
TI Robotic System Control using Embedded Machine Learning and Speech
   Recognition
AU Phillips JM; Conrad JM
TC 7
SO IEEE INT CONF SMART COMMUNITIES IMPROV QUAL LIFE ICT IOT AI HONET
PY 2022
AB The focus of this work is to control a computing-resource-constrained
   robotics system using embedded machine learning (also known as tiny machine
   learning). The objective of this effort was to develop a potential lab
   exercise for students in a robotics class, with the goal of giving them a
   better understanding of how artificial intelligence applications can be used
   to control a robotics system.  This paper discusses the fundamentals of
   embedded machine learning and the convolution neural network training
   process used for this project.  The dataset used for this project and its
   preparation for use with the machine learning model is also discussed.  An
   overview of the technology and data used for this project is provided
   describing hardware features used to control two motors on a robotic system
   using speech recognition by keyword spotting.  Data validation and future
   improvements of the project related to the speech-controlled system are also
   discussed.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE convolution neural network; educational; inference; machine learning;
   microcontroller; tinyml; voice control
ID convolution; machine learning; robotics; speech recognition; computing
   resource; convolution neural network; educational; embedded machines;
   inference; machine learning; robotic systems; system control; tinyml; voice
   control; microcontrollers

---

UT 1360
AR Tharian J, 2022, INT CONF FUTUR TECHNOL INCOFT, DOI
   10.1109/INCOFT55651.2022.10094330
TI Automatic Emotion Recognition System using tinyML
AU Tharian J; Nandakrishnan R; Sajesh S; Arun AV; Jayadas CK
TC 7
SO INT CONF FUTUR TECHNOL INCOFT
PY 2022
AB This paper proposes a system to detect and analyze emotions using tinyml.
   Automated emotion detec-tion has attracted increasing interest from
   researchers in neuroscience, psychology, computer science, and associated
   disciplines for the past 3 decades.  In this paper, an Automatic Emotion
   Recognition System implemented using tinyml (AERSUT) has been proposed.
   There are 3 levels/stages for the above-proposed method -1) input data using
   tinyml, 2) feature extraction, 3) emotion recognition.  The first section
   involves giving input raw speech data to analyze and detect through a tinyml
   board.  Features like Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients(MFCC), root mean
   square energy, and zero crossing rate are extracted from this audio and the
   user's emotional state is detected.  Here we classify emotions into 8
   categories-surprise, neutral, disgust fear, sad, calm, happy, and anger.  2
   models were trained using TensorFlow and the model with the best accuracy
   has been used for detection.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE deep learning; discrete fourier transform ( dft ); emotion classification;
   tinyml
ID deep learning; discrete fourier transforms; feature extraction; speech
   recognition; 3 levels; automatic emotion recognition; deep learning;
   discrete fourier transform; emotion classification; emotion recognition;
   features extraction; input datas; recognition systems; tinyml; emotion
   recognition

---

UT 1429
AR Williams R, 2022, PROC IEEE SYMP VIS LANG HUM-CENT COMPUT VL/HCC,
   V2022-September, DOI 10.1109/VL/HCC53370.2022.9833149
TI ML Blocks: A Block-Based, Graphical User Interface for Creating TinyML
   Models
AU Williams R; Moskal M; de Halleux P
TC 7
SO PROC IEEE SYMP VIS LANG HUM-CENT COMPUT VL/HCC
PY 2022
AB This paper describes ML Blocks, https://tinyurl.com/ml-blocks, a novel
   interface for training, evaluating, and deploying Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) models.  TinyML is a fast-growing field that incorporates powerful
   machine learning algorithms into everyday technologies such as activity
   trackers and Internet of Things devices.  Although TinyML-capable
   microcontrollers are popular in computer science education, few students
   have had the opportunity to learn about the field because of a lack of
   novice-friendly ML interfaces.  With ML Blocks, users assemble data sets,
   define, and train neural network classifiers, within one unified block
   interface.  Users can quickly evaluate their classifiers using built-in
   visualization tools and then export them for use in microcontroller
   projects.  ML Blocks makes the end-to-end development of TinyML models
   easier for physical computing students and tinkerers at all levels.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE machine learning; microcomputers; microprocessors; visual programming
ID classification ( of information ); computer programming; controllers;
   education computing; http; learning algorithms; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; block based; block users; computer science education; data
   set; learn+; machine learning algorithms; machine learning models; machine
   learning; neural networks classifiers; visual programming; graphical user
   interfaces

---

UT 1433
AR Garbay T, 2022, INT SYST CHIP CONF, V2022-September, DOI
   10.1109/SOCC56010.2022.9908108
TI Accurate Estimation of the CNN Inference Cost for TinyML Devices
AU Garbay T; Hachicha K; Dobias P; Dron W; Lusich P; Khalis I; Pinna A; Granado
   B
TC 7
SO INT SYST CHIP CONF
PY 2022
AB Our society will be deeply impacted by neural network inference on embedded
   devices.  Many of them are based on the use of microcontroller units (MCUs)
   which are extremely resource-scarce.  The best modality to solve most of
   computer vision problems are artificial intelligence algorithms such as
   Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Although, a CNN's accuracy implies
   significant inference costs within the targeted hardware: an important
   energy consumption, a high latency, and a significant memory footprint.
   This is the Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) paradigm that aims at bringing
   machine learning inference to ultra-low-power devices.  Therefore,
   estimating this inference cost within a given microcontroller unit is a
   design key.  To this end, we introduce an estimation method for the energy
   consumption, the latency, and the memory space required by a CNN within
   MCUs.  The CNNs investigated are LeNet5 and ResNet8 within several TinyML
   devices.  One inference cost for both neural networks is estimated in a
   range of 14 frequencies.  The proposed method shows an average estimation
   error of 6.91% on energy consumption, 8.79% on latency, and 3.93% on the
   required memory space.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE cnn; estimation; microcontrollers; model
ID controllers; convolutional neural networks; cost estimating; energy
   utilization; estimation; machine learning; accurate estimation; computer
   vision problems; convolutional neural network; embedded device; energy-
   consumption; machine learning; memory space; microcontroller unit; network
   inference; neural networks; microcontrollers

---

UT 1447
AR Sudharsan B, 2022, PROC - ACM/IEEE INT CONF PROCESS SENS NETWORKS IPSN,
   P521, DOI 10.1109/IPSN54338.2022.00061
TI Poster Abstract: Approach for Remote, On-Demand loading and Execution of
   TensorFlow Lite ML Models on Arduino IoT Boards
AU Sudharsan B; Salerno S; Yadav P; Breslin JG
TC 7
SO PROC - ACM/IEEE INT CONF PROCESS SENS NETWORKS IPSN
PY 2022
AB Traditionally, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) send device-specific
   over-the-air (OTA) packages to ensure the latest firmware, security patches,
   etc.  With millions of IoT devices, even a tiny per-centage of OTA failures
   will result in tens of thousands of globally affected consumers.  The state-
   of-the-art OTA methods are suited for high-end Android & embedded Linux
   devices and not for resource-constrained devices (e.g.  MCUs, small CPUs)
   with only a few MB memory.  Current OTA methods have been tested only on
   non-ML use-cases such as remote bugs patching or security flaws, etc.  In
   this paper, we present OTA-TinyML approach that, via HTTPS, loads the C
   source file of ML models from a webserver into IoT boards.  OTA-TinyML does
   not strain hardware (resource-friendly) as its implementation spans only a
   few lines of code.  It is compatible with a range of ML models (e.g.  text,
   speech, image domains) and MCUs (e.g.  Cortex M series, STM32, Xtensa). OTA-
   TinyML is tested by performing remote fetching of 6 types of ML models,
   storing them on 4 types of memory units, then loading and executing on 7
   popular Arduino IoT boards.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE device repurposing; iot devices; ota updates; tinyml
ID abstracting; computer operating systems; internet of things;
   microcontrollers; program processors; device repurposing; iot device; on
   demands; original equipment manufacturers; over the airs; over the air
   updates; repurposing; security patches; state of the art; tinyml; firmware

---

UT 1007
AR Gweon S, 2022, IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS, V57, P2944, DOI
   10.1109/JSSC.2022.3182699
TI FlashMAC: A Time-Frequency Hybrid MAC Architecture With Variable Latency-
   Aware Scheduling for TinyML Systems
AU Gweon S; Kang S; Kim K; Yoo H-J
TC 6
SO IEEE J SOLID STATE CIRCUITS
PY 2022
AB With the widespread of deep neural networks (DNNs) in diverse applications,
   tiny platforms such as Internet-of-Things devices are starting to adopt
   DNNs.  Due to their extreme energy and form factor constraints, conventional
   digital-only implementations of multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) acceleration
   faced fundamental limitations.  To that end, the investigation into mixed-
   signal computing architectures is growing rapidly.  Motivated by the flash
   ADC, this article proposes FlashMAC architecture that can natively support
   multibit multiplication.  In addition, through fusing time- and frequency-
   domain computing methods without power-hungry oscillators, it enables low
   latency accumulation with low power consumption.  As a result, the proposed
   time-frequency hybrid architecture achieves high energy efficiency with the
   support for complex DNN models requiring higher precision.  To enhance the
   robustness of PVT variation of the mixed-signal architecture, a frequency
   calibration loop is integrated.  In addition, motivated by the data-
   dependent performance of the FlashMAC architecture, variable latency-aware
   scheduling is proposed.  The FlashMAC does not skip MAC operations as zero-
   skipping architectures do, but the latency of the operation can be lower
   when operands are smaller in magnitude.  Tackling the issue through software
   and hardware co-optimization, loose synchronization architecture and
   magnitude-aware weight reordering increase the DNN benchmark performance by
   achieving higher utilization of the parallel FlashMAC array.  The proposed
   features are integrated into a test chip which is fabricated in 65-nm logic
   CMOS technology.  The silicon chip achieves 56.52 TOPS/W peak energy
   efficiency and a peak operating frequency of 90 MHz.  Tested with the VGG16
   benchmark trained on the Imagenet dataset, it achieved 17.04-ms latency
   while showing 11.15 TOPS/W energy efficiency.  As a result, compared to the
   previous state-of-the-art, the proposed FlashMAC achieved 3.15 × higher
   normalized energy efficiency.  © 1966-2012 IEEE.
DE analog computing; deep learning ( dl ); frequency-domain computing; mixed
   signal multiply-and-accumulate ( mac ); time domain computing; tinyml
ID benchmarking; computation theory; computer architecture; computing power;
   energy efficiency; frequency-domain analysis; scheduling; time domain
   analysis; voltage control; analog computing; deep learning; frequency
   domains; frequency-domain computing; mixed signal; mixed signal multiply-
   and-accumulate; multiply-and-accumulate; neural networks; pulsewidth
   modulations ( pwm ); time domain; time domain analysis; time domain
   computing; time-frequency analysis; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 1011
AR Shankar R, 2022, IEEE IND ELECTRON APPL CONF IEACON, P111, DOI
   10.1109/IEACon55029.2022.9951763
TI Cough Recognition Using Tiny ML
AU Shankar R; Gautham Mythireyan KM; Nalla NR; Venkateshkumar M
TC 6
SO IEEE IND ELECTRON APPL CONF IEACON
PY 2022
AB The whole world has been affected by the current COVID-19 epidemic.  Still,
   the impact of the epidemic and its consequences are felt else reckoning on
   our standing as individualities and as crew of society.  The Omicron and IHU
   variant probably may circulate more fluently than the other variants and the
   way fluently Omicron and IHU spreads compared to other variants endure
   unspecified.  It is expected that anyone with the virus can spread to
   others, even if they're fully vaccinated or don't feel severe symptoms like
   shortness of breath and Lung infection.  One of the perceptible common
   symptoms for a covid infected characteristic person is cough.  Considering
   this COUGH RECOGNITION USING TINY ML is created.  The given product would be
   suitable to separate coughs from covid infected person's cough and noise by
   using TinyML. Arduino Nano 33 BLE sense which has an inbuilt microphone will
   descry the cough of the person.  Now by using TinyML the cough can be
   categorized into a covid infected person cough or a noise without covid
   background.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE ble; tinyml
ID covid-19; current; ble; cough recognition; lung infection; tinyml; viruses

---

UT 1097
AR Ancilotto A, 2022, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P497, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops53856.2022.9767380
TI On the Role of Smart Vision Sensors in Energy-Efficient Computer Vision at
   the Edge
AU Ancilotto A; Paissan F; Farella E
TC 6
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2022
AB The increasing focus of the research community towards lightweight and small
   footprint neural network models is closing the gap between inference
   performance in cluster-scale models and tiny devices.  In the recent past,
   researchers have shown how it is possible to achieve state-of-the-art
   performance in different domains (e.g.  sound event detection, object
   detection, image classification) with small footprints and low computational
   cost architectures.  However, these studies lack a comprehensive analysis of
   the input space used (e.g.  for images) and present the results on standard
   RGB benchmarks.  In this manuscript, we investigate the role of smart vision
   sensors (SVSs) in deep learning-based object detection pipelines.  In
   particular, we combine the motion bitmaps with standard color spaces
   representations (namely, RGB, YUV, and grayscale) and show how SVSs can be
   used optimally for an IoT end-node.  In conclusion, we report that, overall,
   the best-performing input space is grayscale augmented with the motion
   bitmap.  These results are promising for real-world applications since many
   SVSs provide both image formats at low power consumption.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge computing; embedded computer vision; smart vision sensors; tinyml
ID computer vision; deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency; green
   computing; object recognition; bit maps; edge computing; embedded computer
   vision; energy efficient; gray scale; input space; objects detection; small
   footprints; smart vision sensors; tinyml; object detection

---

UT 1105
AR Kamal R, 2022, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V235, P377, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-2877-1_34
TI Architectural Design for Inspection of Machine Objects Using Small DNNs as
   TinyML for Machine Vision of Defects and Faults in the Manufacturing
   Processes
AU Kamal R; Jain A/1; Deshpande MV
TC 6
SO SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Advanced manufacturing processes require inspection of machine objects (MOs)
   for defects and faults prior to their uses in the processes, such as
   assembly lines.  The processes also require predictive maintenance of
   functions and operations of the MOs, such as motors, assemblies and
   disassembly operations at the product assembly lines.  Quality audit
   functions also require machine object vision (MOV). Present paper gives an
   architectural design for the inspection and quality audit of MOs.  Proposed
   design deploys the small deep neural network (DNN) as the TinyML. The design
   consists of deploying the four stages: (i) Machine object (MO) module for
   imaging of multiple segments.  (ii) Edge computing unit for each module with
   an inspection line.  The unit does connecting, configuring and controlling
   of the module.  (iii) An edge server which includes computations using small
   DNNs SqueezeNext model as the TinyML. The model generates feature map and
   metrics of the MOs.  The features enable intelligent inferences and actions
   at the edge unit.  The server serves the model to multiple networked edge
   computing units, one each with inspection lines.  (iv) Cloud services
   consist of the databases, descriptive, prescriptive and predictive analytics
   for the quality audit and the predictive maintenance of the MOs.  The
   service includes training and validation of the models using tensor
   processing units (TPUs). The service also updates models for the MOs.  The
   edge server used these models.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd.
DE edge computing; machine objects inspection; machine vision; small deep
   neural networks; squeezenext; tinyml
ID architectural design; assembly; assembly machines; deep neural networks;
   defects; edge computing; inspection; predictive analytics; predictive
   maintenance; advanced manufacturing; cloud services; computing units;
   disassembly operations; manufacturing process; processing units; product
   assembly; quality audits; computer vision

---

UT 1128
AR Nakamura K, 2022, PROC INT SYMP MULT VALUED LOG, V2022-May, P158, DOI
   10.1109/ISMVL52857.2022.00031
TI Optimizations of Ternary Generative Adversarial Networks
AU Nakamura K; Nakahara H
TC 6
SO PROC INT SYMP MULT VALUED LOG
PY 2022
AB Generative adversarial networks (GANs), which can generate and transform
   data, have been attracting attention.  However, the model must be
   lightweight and fast when applied in the field.  In terms of model weight
   reduction, B-DCGAN, which restricts the value of the weights to {-1, +1},
   has already been proposed.  We propose a ternary GAN using the ternary
   representation {-1, 0, +1} and an alpha-layer which makes the learning
   between generator and discriminator more competitive.  It succeeded in
   improving the quality of the output image considerably while maintaining the
   almost same memory usage as that of B-DCGAN.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE alpha layer; gan; generative adversarial networks; image synthesis; layer;
   machine learning; quantization; ternary; tinyml
ID image enhancement; learning systems; alpha layer; images synthesis; layer;
   machine learning; model weights; optimizations; quantization; ternary;
   tinyml; weight reduction; generative adversarial networks

---

UT 1337
AR Choi I, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22176421
TI Reducing Energy Consumption and Health Hazards of Electric Liquid Mosquito
   Repellents through TinyML
AU Choi I; Kim H/1
TC 6
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB Two problems arise when using commercially available electric liquid
   mosquito repellents.  First, prallethrine, the main component of the liquid
   repellent, can have an adverse effect on the human body with extended
   exposure.  Second, electricity is wasted when no mosquitoes are present.  To
   solve these problems, a TinyML-oriented mosquito sound classification model
   is developed and integrated with a commercial electric liquid repellent
   device.  Based on a convolutional neural network (CNN), the classification
   model can control the prallethrine vaporizer to turn on only when there are
   mosquitoes.  As a consequence, the repellent user can avoid inhaling
   unnecessarily large amounts of the chemical, with the added benefit of
   dramatically reduced energy consumption by the repellent device.  © 2022 by
   the authors.
DE convolutional neural network ( cnn ); electric liquid mosquito repellent;
   embedded ai; energy saving; health; prallethrine; tinyml
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; energy utilization; health
   hazards; liquids; classification models; convolutional neural network;
   electric liquid mosquito repellent; embedded ai; energy  savings; energy-
   savings; mosquito repellents; prallethrine; tinyml; energy conservation

---

UT 1365
AR Adeola JO, 2022, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP, P374, DOI
   10.1109/SMARTCOMP55677.2022.00083
TI Recent Advances in Plant Diseases Detection With Machine Learning: Solution
   for Developing Countries
AU Adeola JO; Degila J; Zennaro M
TC 6
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP
PY 2022
AB The agricultural sector faces several challenges in its efforts to increase
   its production.  One of the major challenges is diseases and insect pests
   that destroy plants and lead to a decrease in production.  The paper
   addresses precision agriculture and presents the most recent related work on
   techniques for early detection of plant diseases and insects.  Specifically,
   the paper presents two classes of techniques: first, The application of
   Image Processing Techniques associated with Machine Learning Algorithms, and
   second the application of deep learning, in disease detection and
   recognition.  These techniques are discussed and compared.  As they require
   powerful computing equipment that requires a constant power supply and a
   high bandwidth for their implementation, we propose a new solution more
   accessible to developing countries, which is based on Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyMl), the emerging technology of embedded Machine Learning.  Although
   the TinyMl is running Machine Learning on cheap and low energy devices, it
   can infer from the models obtained from the machine learning algorithms.
   The idea is to get the model after training, and then convert it into a lite
   model with a size that can be inserted into devices with external memory.
   Implementation issues are discussed.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE deep learning; embedded device; image processing; machine learning; plant
   diseases and insect pest recognition; tiny machine learning
ID agriculture; deep learning; image processing; learning algorithms; learning
   systems; deep learning; disease detection; embedded device; images
   processing; machine learning; plant disease; plant disease and insect pest
   recognition; plant diseases and insect pests; tiny machine learning;
   developing countries

---

UT 1016
AR Nooruddin S, 2022, IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT, DOI 10.1109/WF-
   IoT54382.2022.10152039
TI TinyHAR: Benchmarking Human Activity Recognition Systems in Resource
   Constrained Devices
AU Nooruddin S; Islam MM; Karray F
TC 5
SO IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT
PY 2022
AB Advances in deep learning, especially Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
   have revolutionized intelligent frame-works such as Human Activity
   Recognition (HAR) systems by effectively and efficiently inferring human
   activity from various modalities of data.  However, the training and
   inference of CNNs are often resource-intensive.  Recent research
   developments are focused on bringing the effectiveness of CNNs in resource
   con-strained edge devices through Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML). However,
   this is extremely hard to achieve due to the limitations in memory, compute
   power, and energy of resource constrained edge devices.  This paper provides
   a benchmark to understand these trade-offs among variations of CNN network
   architectures, different training methodologies, and different modalities of
   data in the context of HAR, TinyML, and edge devices.  We tested and
   reported the performance of CNN and Depthwise Separable CNN (DSCNN) models
   as well as two training methodologies: Quantization Aware Training (QAT) and
   Post-training Quantization (PTQ) on five commonly used benchmark datasets
   containing image and time-series data: UP-Fall, Fall Detection Dataset
   (FDD), PAMAP2, UCI-HAR, and WISDM. We also deployed and tested the
   performance of the model-based standalone applications on multiple commonly
   available resource constrained edge devices in terms of inference time and
   power consumption.  The experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness
   and feasibility of Tiny ML for HAR in edge devices.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; depthwise separable cnn; edge devices; human
   activity recognition; tinyml
ID benchmarking; convolution; deep neural networks; economic and social
   effects; fall detection; network architecture; pattern recognition;
   convolutional neural network; depthwise separable convolutional neural
   network; edge device; human activity recognition; human activity recognition
   systems; machine learning; performance; quantization; tiny machine learning;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1075
AR Plancher B, 2022, SIGCSE - PROC ACM TECH SYMP COMPUT SCI EDUC V, V2, P1159,
   DOI 10.1145/3478432.3499093
TI TinyMLedu: The Tiny Machine Learning Open Education Initiative
AU Plancher B; Reddi VJ
TC 5
SO SIGCSE - PROC ACM TECH SYMP COMPUT SCI EDUC V
PY 2022
AB TinyML is a cutting-edge field that brings the transformative power of
   machine learning (ML) to the performance and power-constrained domain of
   embedded systems.  This opens new avenues of opportunity for a smarter and
   cheaper internet of things (IoT). TinyML is also a great educational tool as
   it touches on topics from across the computer science curriculum, ranging
   from machine learning to embedded systems.  TinyMLedu is working to build an
   international coalition of researchers and practitioners advancing TinyML in
   the developing world, and to develop and share high-quality, open-access
   educational materials globally.  To date, we have helped launch two courses
   derived from our materials, taught in Portuguese in Brazil, held an outreach
   workshop for middle and high school teachers and students of the Navajo
   nation, and launched an Academic Network of over 20 universities from around
   the globe.  Moving forward we want to grow our impact by helping develop
   more workshops and courses, in more languages, targeting an even broader
   audience, to introduce the world to TinyML. © 2022 Owner/Author.
DE applied machine learning; computing education; embedded systems; global
   network; open-access materials; tinyml
ID curricula; developing countries; internet of things; machine learning;
   applied machine learning; computing education; embedded-system; global
   networks; machine learning; open educations; open-access material; open-
   access; power; tinyml; embedded systems

---

UT 1138
AR Deji Dere M, 2022, PROC INT CONF TECHNOL EDUC DEV CHANG NARRAT BUILD SECUR
   SOC DISRUPT TECHNOL ITED, DOI 10.1109/ITED56637.2022.10051420
TI SmartCall: A Real-time, Sign Language Medical Emergency Communicator
AU Deji Dere M; Dere RO; Adesina A; Yauri AR
TC 5
SO PROC INT CONF TECHNOL EDUC DEV CHANG NARRAT BUILD SECUR SOC DISRUPT TECHNOL
   ITED
PY 2022
AB Communication is essential for individuals to convey feelings and emotions.
   Persons with speech impairment, on the other hand, find it challenging to
   share their thoughts, especially during medical emergencies.  In this study,
   we propose a low-cost embedded device that allows individuals with a speech
   impairment to communicate during medical emergencies.  A 1D-convolution
   neural network (CNN) model extracting features from an onboard inertial
   measurement unit (IMU) for the classification of selected American sign
   language (ASL) medical emergencies word.  The model was trained offline
   before deployment to a resource-constrained embedded device for real-time
   ASL word classification.  A pilot test on two volunteers resulted in an
   offline accuracy of 91.2% and an average online accuracy of 92% for the
   8-bit optimized model.  The results demonstrate the feasibility to aid
   individuals with a speech impairment to communicate during medical
   emergencies.  Furthermore, an extended application of the proposed design is
   for the intuitive learning of sign languages using artificial intelligence.
   © 2022 IEEE.
DE american sign language ( asl ); convolution neural network ( cnn ); inertia
   measurement unit ( imu ); tinyml
ID neural network models; american sign language; convolution neural network;
   inertia measurement unit; inertia measurements; medical emergency; real-
   time; sign language; tinyml; convolution

---

UT 1168
AR Rahman S, 2022, INT CONF MULTIMED SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN TECHNOL IMPACT, DOI
   10.1109/IMPACT55510.2022.10029140
TI TinyML based Classification of Fetal Heart Rate using Mother's Abdominal ECG
   Signal
AU Rahman S; Khan YA; Pratap Singh Y; Ali SA; Wajid M
TC 5
SO INT CONF MULTIMED SIGNAL PROCESS COMMUN TECHNOL IMPACT
PY 2022
AB ECG plays a vital role in the field of medical science.  The proposed
   machine learning model is able to classify the heart rate of the fetus
   through ECG signals that are collected from the mother's womb.  The noise
   and interference have been reduced in the ECG signal by preprocessing.  The
   proposed Recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture is made on edge
   impulse.  The potential efficiency of the designed model is studied by
   varying parameters such as kernel size, learning rate, epochs, etc using the
   abdominal and direct fetal ECG Database from the physionet.  During
   training, the classification of heart rate using ECG signals has achieved
   75% accuracy.  The beauty of the model is that it is designed with tinyML
   for implementation on embedded systems.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE electrocardiogram; fetal heart-rate; machine learning; recurrent neural
   network; signal processing
ID biomedical signal processing; embedded systems; heart; learning algorithms;
   recurrent neural networks; designed models; ecg signals; fetal heart rates;
   heart-rate; machine learning models; machine learning; medical science;
   potential efficiency; recurrent neural network architectures; signal
   processing; electrocardiograms

---

UT 1197
AR Al Zein H, 2022, INT CONF SMART SYST POWER MANAG IC2SPM, P191, DOI
   10.1109/IC2SPM56638.2022.9988992
TI Implementation and Optimization of Neural Networks for Tiny Hardware Devices
AU Al Zein H; Aoude M; Harkous Y
TC 5
SO INT CONF SMART SYST POWER MANAG IC2SPM
PY 2022
AB Traditionally, neural network inferencing on tiny hardware devices took
   place in a centralized server-based manner.  With more real-time
   applications coming into play, where security and latency are a concern,
   there has become a need to move inferencing to the edge.  This paper
   describes a machine learning pipeline to carry neural networks from their
   initial forms to compressed forms deployable on tiny hardware devices, while
   maintaining acceptable accuracies of the optimized models.  We will review
   the different software optimization techniques used to compress neural
   networks to their deployable forms.  The prototype is a proof of concept
   showing that applying knowledge distillation from a highly accurate ResNet20
   model to a simple CNN student model, followed by post-training quantization,
   achieves good multi-class accuracy on a constrained Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   Sense at low power consumption and with low inferencing latency.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE convolutional neural networks; embedded devices; knowledge distillation;
   quantization; tinyml
ID computer hardware; convolutional neural networks; centralized server;
   convolutional neural network; embedded device; hardware devices;
   implementation and optimization; knowledge distillation; neural networks;
   quantization; server-based; tinyml; distillation

---

UT 1213
AR Kim J, 2022, INT CONF ICT CONVERG, V2022-October, P1671, DOI
   10.1109/ICTC55196.2022.9952978
TI A Study on ECG Monitoring Embedded Systems
AU Kim J; Kim E/1; Kyung Y; Ko H
TC 5
SO INT CONF ICT CONVERG
PY 2022
AB The technical development of the wearable devices has introduced the easy
   and compact ECG monitoring em-bedded systems.  For the commercial ECG
   monitoring systems, classification is one of the key performance metrics.
   This is because the classification identifies the abnormal ECG signal and
   consequently leads to the appropriate treatment.  Since the computing
   capability is needed for the classification, the server-based or gateway-
   based classification is usually considered.  This means that the embedded
   system have played only an collecting role in the conventional ECG
   monitoring system.  However, to provide a real-time classification, the need
   of ECG classification in the embedded system has been introduced.
   Therefore, this paper reviews the existing ECG monitoring systems and
   provides a candidate solution for ECG classification in the embedded
   systems.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE ecg; embedded-system; holter; tinyml
ID embedded systems; monitoring; computing capability; ecg signals; embedded-
   system; holter; monitoring system; performance metrices; system
   classification; technical development; tinyml; wearable devices;
   electrocardiograms

---

UT 1249
AR Iqbal Z, 2022, PROC IEEE SYMP VIS LANG HUM-CENT COMPUT VL/HCC,
   V2022-September, DOI 10.1109/VL/HCC53370.2022.9833112
TI Assurance of Machine Learning/TinyML in Safety-Critical Domains
AU Iqbal Z
TC 5
SO PROC IEEE SYMP VIS LANG HUM-CENT COMPUT VL/HCC
PY 2022
AB [No abstract available]

---

UT 1386
AR Chen S-C, 2022, PROC INT CONF APPL SYST INNOV ICASI, P41, DOI
   10.1109/ICASI55125.2022.9774445
TI An Innovative Method to Monitor and Control an Injection Molding Process
   Condition using Artificial Intelligence based Edge Computing System
AU Chen S-C; Jose Mathew J; Feng C-T; Hsu T-J
TC 5
SO PROC INT CONF APPL SYST INNOV ICASI
PY 2022
AB High precision injection molding process is in high demand among the polymer
   industrialist to maintain a sustainable and consistent production of the
   plastic product parts, and it is hard to estimate and judge the early
   detection of the defective product parts from the machine parameter and
   processing condition.  However, the real-time variation in the process
   condition is reflected in the polymer melt flow pressure and temperature
   variation, and in the specific volume of the product part built in the mold
   cavity.  Accordingly, in this objective, this paper proposed a cost-
   effective, embedded edge computing system using temperature and pressure
   sensors interfaced with Arduino Mega and ESP 32D for both real-time
   monitoring, and a data acquisition unit to train and develop an artificial
   model (AI). Thereby, an AI model with low mean absolute error and root mean
   squared error is developed using TensorFlow Lite Micro and loaded into the
   edge device to detect the variation and predict the specific volume of the
   molded product part in real-time from the obtained pressure and temperature
   sensor data.  The experimental study reveals that the proposed approach has
   a lot of potential for practical applications in an industrial process to
   analyze and predict an insight in advance and for the successful
   implementation of smart sensor application, intelligent manufacturing
   constituting Industry 4.0.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; edge computing system; industry 40; injection
   molding; pressure-temperature sensors; pvt curve; real-time monitoring;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; cost effectiveness; data acquisition; edge
   computing; elastomers; industry 40; mean square error; molds; temperature
   sensors; computing system; edge computing; edge computing system; injection
   molding process; innovative method; process condition; pvt curve; real-time
   monitoring; real- time; tinyml; injection molding

---

UT 1388
AR Merenda M, 2022, INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT, DOI
   10.23919/SpliTech55088.2022.9854360
TI Evaluation of OBDII data contribution in Tiny Machine Learning based Driving
   Behaviour Monitoring
AU Merenda M; Mazzullo V; Princi M; Martino A; Carotenuto R; Iero D
TC 5
SO INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT
PY 2022
AB Real-time monitoring of driving behaviors is extremely important for
   insurance companies, car rental companies, or as part of smart city
   solutions to prevent accidents and regulate traffic.  For such applications,
   it is important to be able to perform split-second calculations that provide
   specific information on driver behavior.  To this purpose, the use of
   artificial intelligence is of crucial importance, since it specifically
   allows the classification of a driver's style in fractions of a second while
   he is driving.  In this work, two models of CNN (Convolutional Neural
   Networks) were trained through a Tiny Machine Learning approach using two
   different datasets.  The first one is obtained using only a 3D accelerometer
   and a gyroscope, while the second also includes data from On-Board
   Diagnostic (OBD) port in which data are extracted directly from the Engine
   Control Unit (ECM). The two systems were compared by carrying out an
   efficiency analysis which led to important results in terms of optimization.
   Although the first model already demonstrates good efficiency in classifying
   the various driving styles, the model using the OBD introduces significant
   advantages in terms of both accuracy and the computational time required for
   classification.  © 2022 University of Split, FESB.
DE artificial intelligent; driving behavior; obd-ii; on-board diagnostic; tiny
   machine learning; vehicles
ID accidents; convolutional neural networks; insurance; machine learning;
   artificial intelligent; behavior monitoring; car rental; driving behavior;
   insurance companies; machine learning; obd-ii; on-board diagnostic; real-
   time monitoring; tiny machine learning; efficiency

---

UT 1413
AR Silva M, 2022, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC, P408,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT54413.2022.9831606
TI A data-stream TinyML compression algorithm for vehicular applications: a
   case study
AU Silva M; Signoretti G; Flores T; Andrade P; Silva J; Silva I; Sisinni E;
   Ferrari P
TC 5
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC
PY 2022
AB The Internet of Things (IoT) has reduced the distance between one point and
   another and between people by connecting multiple devices to the web.
   However, the volume and speed of data creation and transmission have also
   increased.  In this scenario, some challenges start to emerge, such as
   potentially irrelevant or redundant data transmission, that is, generating a
   more significant expenditure of energy and processing, in addition to the
   unnecessary use of the communication channel.  Thus, to mitigate these, a
   solution for IoT devices would be data compression techniques.  However,
   such devices available in the market today have severe limitations in terms
   of storage and processing power.  Therefore, to overcome these limitations,
   the TinyML can be used to seek ways to implement machine learning models in
   low-power devices.  In this context, this article aims to evaluate the
   impact of the compression algorithm (Tiny Anomaly Compress - TAC) on the
   performance of a microcontroller applied to the context of vehicles in a
   real scenario.  As a result, it was found that even with the embedded
   algorithm, the microcontroller processing time is not affected in a
   meaningful way.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE embedded algorithm; internet of things; online data compression; tinyml
ID data compression; digital storage; microcontrollers; case-studies;
   compression algorithms; data stream; data-transmission; embedded algorithms;
   multiple devices; online data; online data compression; tinyml; vehicular
   applications; internet of things

---

UT 1005
AR Banerjee R, 2022, IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS
   PERCOM WORK, P491, DOI 10.1109/PerComWorkshops53856.2022.9767313
TI Noise Cleaning of ECG on Edge Device Using Convolutional Sparse Contractive
   Autoencoder
AU Banerjee R; Mukherjee A/1; Ghose A
TC 4
SO IEEE INT CONF PERVASIVE COMPUT COMMUN WORK AFFIL EVENTS PERCOM WORK
PY 2022
AB Single-lead Electrocardiogram (ECG) can be easily measured by a commercial
   smartwatch or a dedicated wearable device.  The waveforms are often
   susceptible to background noise and motion artifacts introducing errors in
   disease interpretation.  An effective yet light-weight de-noising of ECG is
   an open area of research.  In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional
   autoencoder structure considering a number of regularization terms like
   sparsity constraint, contractive regularization and L2 norm for ECG de-
   noising.  The deep learning model is duly optimized to efficiently run on
   low-power edge devices.  The proposed approach is evaluated on a simulated
   and a real-world single-lead ECG database recorded from normal subjects as
   well as patients having Atrial Fibrillation (AF) and other kinds of abnormal
   heart rhythms.  A thorough comparison is performed with a number of related
   signal processing and deep learning based prior approaches.  Experimental
   results show that the proposed autoencoder yields the least Root Mean Square
   Error (RMSE) in reconstruction of clean signals from input ECG corrupted due
   to addition of noise.  Our approach is also able to preserve the relevant
   morphological properties in the reconstructed ECG data for successful
   detection of AF and other abnormal rhythms.  The optimized model is deployed
   on a low-power single-board computer for real-time noise cleaning.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE autoencoder; convolutional neural network; electrocardiogram; noise
   cleaning; tinyml
ID biomedical signal processing; cleaning; convolution; convolutional neural
   networks; deep learning; learning systems; mean square error; atrial
   fibrillation; auto encoders; background motion; convolutional neural
   network; de-noising; low power; noise cleaning; tinyml; waveforms; wearable
   devices; electrocardiograms

---

UT 1010
AR Tao Y, 2022, PROC IEEE ASIA-PACIFIC CONF COMPUT SCI DATA ENG CSDE, DOI
   10.1109/CSDE56538.2022.10089354
TI Experimental energy consumption analysis of neural network model compression
   methods on microcontrollers with applications in bird call classification
AU Tao Y; Hioka Y; Lu Y
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE ASIA-PACIFIC CONF COMPUT SCI DATA ENG CSDE
PY 2022
AB Abstract-Running deep neural networks on low-power micro-controllers has
   become increasingly practical with the advance-ment in algorithm and
   hardware design.  However, hardware resource limitations such as battery
   capacity still remains as a bottleneck which prevents the deployment of
   large classifi-cation algorithms.  Model compression techniques address this
   issue through algorithmic means.  This work investigates model compression
   methods, pruning and quantization, to optimize a ResNet-18 model for bird
   call classification.  The investigation identifies the contribution of the
   quantization resolution and pruning sparsity towards the energy consumption,
   power con-sumption, inference time, performance accuracy, computational
   complexity, and the memory size.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE bird call recognition; convolutional neural network; deep learning; energy-
   consumption; model compression; pruning; quantization; resource-constrained
   devices; tinyml
ID birds; convolutional neural networks; deep neural networks; low power
   electronics; microcontrollers; bird call recognition; compression methods;
   convolutional neural network; deep learning; energy-consumption; model
   compression; pruning; quantization; resource-constrained devices; tinyml;
   energy utilization

---

UT 1042
AR Miao H, 2022, PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC, P1, DOI
   10.1109/SEC54971.2022.00008
TI Towards Out-of-core Neural Networks on Microcontrollers
AU Miao H; Lin FX
TC 4
SO PROC - IEEE/ACM SYMP EDGE COMPUT SEC
PY 2022
AB To run neural networks (NNs) on microcontroller units (MCUs), memory size is
   the major constraint.  While algorithm-level techniques exist to reduce NN
   memory footprints, the resultant losses in NN accuracy and generality
   disqualify MCUs for many important use cases.  To address the constraint, we
   investigate out-of-core execution of NNs on MCUs: dynam-ically swapping NN
   data tiles between an MCU's small SRAM and its large, low-cost external
   flash.  Accordingly, we present a scheduler design that automatically
   schedules compute tasks and swapping IO tasks in order to minimize the IO
   overhead in swapping.  Out-of-core NNs on MCUs raise multiple concerns:
   execution slowdown, storage wear out, energy consumption, and data security.
   Our empirical study shows that none of these concerns is a showstopper; the
   key benefit - MCUs being able to run large NNs with full accuracy/generality
   - trumps the overheads.  Our findings suggest that MCUs can play a much
   greater role in edge intelligence.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge computing; on-device machine learning; tinyml
ID energy utilization; machine learning; microcontrollers; static random access
   storage; algorithm-level; edge computing; machine learning; memory size;
   microcontroller unit; network memory; neural networks; on-device machine
   learning; out-of-core; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 1057
AR Bengherbia B, 2022, ICEECIT - PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT TECHNOL, P209,
   DOI 10.1109/ICEECIT55908.2022.10030667
TI Implementation of a 3D Indoor Positioning System Using MLP-based Distance
   Estimation for IoT Applications
AU Bengherbia B; Bougheriza MEA; Bouhedda M; Tobbal A; Toubal A; Hentabeli H
TC 4
SO ICEECIT - PROC INT CONF ELECTR ENG COMPUT TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Wireless sensor network (WSN) indoor location systems are based on effective
   distance estimation between the target node and anchors to find the node's
   precise location.  Almost all low-cost wireless devices use the received
   signal strength indicator (RSSI) metric for estimating distance.  This study
   aims to minimise the error in the estimated distance between the anchor
   nodes and the target node by proposing a model based on an Artificial Neural
   Network (ANN) for determining the distance using the RSSI. The proposed
   model was used to apply 3D indoor localisation.  ANN is implemented in an
   Esp32 embedded system to make it compatible with WSN and IoT applications by
   using the TinyML approach for designing and implementing an efficient base
   station.  The results show that the time required for the indoor
   localisation process does not exceed 40 ms, which is a very promising result
   for real-time localisation applications.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE 3d indoor localization; ann; iot; rssi; tinyml; wsn
ID internet of things; neural networks; sensor nodes; 3d indoor localization;
   distance estimation; effective distance; indoor localization; iot; low-
   costs; precise locations; received signal strength indicators; target nodes;
   tinyml; indoor positioning systems

---

UT 1068
AR Srinivasan C, 2022, INT CONF ELECTRON COMMUN AEROSP TECHNOL ICECA - PROC,
   P1117, DOI 10.1109/ICECA55336.2022.10009197
TI A TinyML based Residual Binarized Neural Network for real-time Image
   Classification
AU Srinivasan C; Sridhar P; Priya VH; Swathi S
TC 4
SO INT CONF ELECTRON COMMUN AEROSP TECHNOL ICECA - PROC
PY 2022
AB Image processing is an important requirement in IoT applications such as
   robotics, augmented reality, computer vision, Industry 4.0 etc.  The
   capabilities of IoT devices for image processing are limited to sensing the
   environment, processing and communicating the results.  Tiny machine
   learning (TinyML) is a new paradigm that takes advantage of the IoT to
   deploy deep learning models to perform complex tasks in resource constrained
   embedded devices.  Image classification is an important task in IoT to
   interpret images of a particular scene or class.  Currently, this task is
   performed in embedded devices using Binarized Neural Networks (BNNs), which
   can be converted to a set of weights using a one-hot encoding process.
   These networks integrated with hardware accelerators can be trained to
   perform image processing tasks in real-time.  This paper proposes a BNN for
   image classification based on residual learning paradigm, called Tiny-BNN
   which exploits the skip connections to reduce information loss, and improve
   the training time and accuracy.  Experimental results show that the model
   achieves a classification accuracy of 90.1 % and 91.6% on the on CIFAR-10
   and MNIST datasets respectively.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE binarized neural network ( bnn ); image classification; tinyml
ID augmented reality; classification ( of information ); deep learning; image
   enhancement; internet of things; learning systems; binarized neural network;
   embedded device; environment processing; images classification; images
   processing; machine learning; neural networks; real-time images; real-time
   images; tiny machine learning; image classification

---

UT 1287
AR Song Y, 2022, PROC ASIA SOUTH PAC DES AUTOM CONF, V2022-January, P314, DOI
   10.1109/ASP-DAC52403.2022.9712585
TI BSC: Block-based Stochastic Computing to Enable Accurate and Efficient
   TinyML
AU Song Y; Sha EH-M; Zhuge Q; Xu R; Zhang Y/5; Li B; Yang L/2
TC 4
SO PROC ASIA SOUTH PAC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2022
AB Along with the progress of AI democratization, machine learning (ML) has
   been successfully applied to edge applications, such as smart phones and
   automated driving.  Nowadays, more applications require ML on tiny devices
   with extremely limited resources, like implantable cardioverter de-
   fibrillator (ICD), which is known as TinyML. Unlike ML on the edge, TinyML
   with a limited energy supply has higher demands on low-power execution.
   Stochastic computing (SC) using bitstreams for data representation is
   promising for TinyML since it can perform the fundamental ML operations
   using simple logical gates, instead of the complicated binary adder and
   multiplier.  However, SC commonly suffers from low accuracy for ML tasks due
   to low data precision and inaccuracy of arithmetic units.  Increasing the
   length of the bitstream in the existing works can mitigate the precision
   issue but incur higher latency.  In this work, we propose a novel SC
   architecture, namely Block-based Stochastic Computing (BSC). BSC divides
   inputs into blocks, such that the latency can be reduced by exploiting high
   data parallelism.  Moreover, optimized arithmetic units and output revision
   (OUR) scheme are proposed to improve accuracy.  On top of it, a global
   optimization approach is devised to determine the number of blocks, which
   can make a better latency-power trade-off.  Experimental results show that
   BSC can outperform the existing designs in achieving over 10% higher
   accuracy on ML tasks and over 6× power reduction.  © 2022 IEEE.
ID binary sequences; economic and social effects; global optimization;
   smartphones; arithmetic unit; automated driving; bitstreams; block based;
   cardioverters; energy supplies; high demand; limited energies; smart phones;
   stochastic computing; stochastic systems

---

UT 1293
AR Habiyaremye J, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P337, DOI
   10.1145/3529836.3529932
TI Development of a TinyML based four-chamber refrigerator (TBFCR) for
   efficiently storing pharmaceutical products: Case Study: Pharmacies in
   Rwanda
AU Habiyaremye J; Zennaro M; Mikeka C; Masabo E
TC 4
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Medical products are very sensitive to temperature; the improper temperature
   may lead to their inefficacity.  Apart from products that are stored at room
   temperature, remaining medical products are stored in electronically
   controlled refrigerators.  A lot of researchers have proposed different
   refrigeration systems controlled with the help of the internet of things
   (IoT). Due to some issues such as storage capacity, computing energy, and
   computing speed, data processing in IoT-based applications is generally done
   at the cloud through cloud computing technology.  Those applications are
   suffering issues like latency, data control, internet connectivity, network
   traffic, and operation cost.  In this paper, we are experimentally
   developing a four rooms fridge controlled with an Arduino board that embeds
   a machine learning (ML) algorithm to control the temperature for efficient
   storage of medical products.  We tried to develop an ML model that will
   monitor the closing and opening of the fridge door (while taking some
   medicines), predict and display the remaining time for the internal
   temperature to go beyond the acceptable temperature range.  The result from
   our experiments shows that the model runs onto the controller and can
   predict well the internal fridge temperature at an accuracy of 96%.  © 2022
   ACM.
DE edge impulse; internet of things; smart fridge; tinyml
ID data handling; digital storage; display devices; machine learning;
   refrigerators; case-studies; computing speed; edge impulse; energy speed;
   medical products; pharmaceutical products; refrigeration system; smart
   fridge; storage capacity; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1296
AR Santosh Kumar B, 2022, INT CONF EMERG RES ELECTRON COMPUT SCI TECHNOL
   ICERECT, DOI 10.1109/ICERECT56837.2022.10060135
TI Survey on implementation of TinyML for real-time sign language recognition
   using smart gloves
AU Santosh Kumar B; Rachna P; Hiremath RB; Ramadurgam VS; Shaw DK
TC 4
SO INT CONF EMERG RES ELECTRON COMPUT SCI TECHNOL ICERECT
PY 2022
AB Communication is a major part of life.  For people who are deaf and dumb,
   sign language is imperative.  All sign languages contain various hand
   movements and finger placement which in turn form different gestures.
   Learning any sign language can be challenging.  With the current number of
   different sign languages available around the world, it makes it very hard
   for people to use sign languages for communication without the help of a
   translator.  Out of all the sign languages available around the world
   American Sign Language is used by many.  Engineers and researchers around
   the world have been working with different machine learning algorithms to
   build a better system which can either be only software or along with
   hardware.  The smart gloves have so far been the most effective hardware
   with machine learning software developed till now as compared to a camera.
   These smart gloves can be developed using TinyML with the Convolutional
   Neural Network (CNN) algorithm for best accuracy with low footprint.  This
   comprehensive literature review goes into the details of the different
   algorithms explored for sign language recognition, the existing systems, and
   the proposed system using Raspberry Pi Pico.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE american sign language ( asl ); indian sign language ( isl ); machine
   learning; raspberry pi; sign language recognition ( slr ); smart gloves;
   tinyml
ID learning algorithms; machine learning; american sign language; indian sign
   language; indian sign languages; machine learning; raspberry pi; sign
   language recognition; smart glove; tinyml; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1323
AR Krayden A, 2022, ENG PROC, V27, DOI 10.3390/ecsa-9-13316
TI CMOS-MEMS Gas Sensor Dubbed GMOS for SelectiveAnalysis of Gases with Tiny
   Edge Machine Learning †
AU Krayden A; Schohet M; Shmueli O; Shlenkevitch D; Blank T; Stolyarova S;
   Nemirovsky Y
TC 4
SO ENG PROC
PY 2022
AB Embedded machine learning, TinyML, is a relatively new and fast-growing
   field of ML, enabling on-device sensor data analytics at low power
   requirements.  This paper presents possible improvements to GMOS, a gas
   sensor, using TinyML technology.  GMOS is a low-cost catalytic gas sensor,
   fabricated with the standard CMOS-SOI process, based on a suspended thermal
   transistor MOS (TMOS). Exothermic combustion reactions lead to temperature
   increases, which modify the suspended transistor’s (used as the sensing
   element) current-voltage characteristics.  We were able to use GMOS
   measurements for gas classification (both for gas types, as well as
   concentration), resulting in high-proficiency gas detection at a low cost.
   Our preliminary results show great successes in the detection of ethanol and
   acetone gases.  Moreover, we believe the method could be generalized to more
   gas types, concentrations, and gas mixes in future research.  © 2022 by the
   authors.
DE arduino; classification; data analytics; edge impulse; gas sensor; machine
   learning; mems; mos; soi; tinyml

---

UT 1339
AR Pau D, 2022, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC, P149,
   DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT54413.2022.9831563
TI Electric current classification with tiny machine learning for home
   appliances
AU Pau D; Marc RD; Denaro D
TC 4
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC
PY 2022
AB Non-intrusive electric load monitoring methods analyze changes in voltage
   and current measured at the household's power plug connection point.  This
   helps to disaggregate the total power consumption into individual appliances
   contributions.  The idea is to use their unique fingerprint to identify and
   classify the active appliances.  In this paper the mel power spectrogram of
   the current measurement was used as an input transformed data for both
   convolutional neural network and more traditional machine learning models.
   The primary goal was to achieve high accuracy classification.  Moreover, the
   memory and computational complexity of these models were compared against
   the challenging constraints set by limited resource embedded systems and
   during the development.  The work was concerned on developing machine
   learning models targeting software execution and deploying those models into
   a future intelligent meter.  Microcontrollers were considered as the primary
   execution targets in order to evaluate the models' ground truth performance.
   As a result, the classification accuracy of the appliances measured on the
   WHITED dataset for the convolutional neural network was 98.6%. While the
   accuracy with the COOLL dataset achieved 95%. By carefully analyzing both
   convolutional neural network and off the shelf machine learning models, only
   the former achieved a tiny memory suitable for the microcontroller
   deployment.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE current; current profile classification; deep learning; home appliances;
   machine learning; microcontrollers; non-intrusive electric load monitoring;
   spectrogram
ID classification ( of information ); controllers; convolution; convolutional
   neural networks; deep learning; domestic appliances; embedded systems;
   learning systems; spectrographs; current; convolutional neural network;
   current profile; current profile classification; deep learning; load
   monitoring; machine learning; non-intrusive; non-intrusive electric load
   monitoring; spectrograms; microcontrollers

---

UT 1369
AR Du P, 2022, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS54819.2022.9881382
TI Towards lightweight deep neural network for smart agriculture on embedded
   systems
AU Du P; Polonelli T; Magno M; Cheng Z
TC 4
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2022
AB Agriculture is the pillar industry for human survival.  However, various
   diseases threaten the health of crops and lead to a decrease in yield.
   Industry 4.0 is making strides in plant illness prevention and detection,
   other than supporting farmers to improve plantations' income.  To prevent
   crop diseases in time, this paper proposes, implements, and evaluates a low-
   power smart camera.  It features a lightweight neural network to verify and
   monitor the growth status of crops.  The proposed tiny model features
   optimized complexity, to be deployed in milliwatt power microcontrollers,
   and high accuracy.  Experimental results show that our work reaches 99%
   accuracy on a 4-classes dataset and more than 96% for a 10 classes dataset.
   The compact model size (139 kB) and low complexity enable ultra-low power
   consumption (2.63 mW per hour) on the battery-powered Sony Spresense
   platform, which features a six-core ARM Cortex-M4F.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE cnn; embedded systems; smart agriculture; tiny machine learning; ultra-low
   power
ID complex networks; crops; deep neural networks; crop disease; embedded-
   system; human survival; illness prevention; low power; machine learning;
   smart agricultures; smart cameras; tiny machine learning; ultra-low power;
   embedded systems

---

UT 1370
AR Avellenada D, 2022, PROC IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABLE AUT SECUR COMPUT INT CONF
   PERVASIVE INTELL COMPUT INT CONF CLOUD BIG DATA COMPUT INT CONF CYBER SCI
   TECHNOL CONGR DASC/PICOM/CBDCOM/CYBERSCITECH, DOI
   10.1109/DASC/PiCom/CBDCom/Cy55231.2022.9927866
TI BLE-based Indoor Positioning Platform Utilizing Edge Tiny Machine Learning
AU Avellenada D; Mendez D; Fortino G
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABLE AUT SECUR COMPUT INT CONF PERVASIVE INTELL
   COMPUT INT CONF CLOUD BIG DATA COMPUT INT CONF CYBER SCI TECHNOL CONGR
   DASC/PICOM/CBDCOM/CYBERSCITECH
PY 2022
AB Location-based services have expanded rapidly over the years, but Global
   Positioning System (GPS), as the basis for outdoor positioning, has
   limitations that prevent it from functioning properly indoors.  In
   situations where it is necessary to obtain greater accuracy in indoor
   environments, alternative solutions to a geo-positioning system must be
   implemented and technologies that meet these requirements must be used.  In
   this research, the objective is to create an IoT-based system for indoor
   asset tracking and identification using machine learning, hence this paper
   presents the design and development of the electronic devices capable of
   communicating with each other to send information to a central system that
   determines the location of assets in a controlled environment, and machine
   learning is used as a method of location estimation.  Considering that there
   are multiple external factors that affect the accuracy of traditional
   position estimation algorithms, deep learning is implemented and the data
   obtained from the evaluation of the model's performance in a controlled
   space is analyzed.  It is important to highlight that in this project it was
   relevant to have control of the multiple variables that affect the
   performance of the system, for this reason the hardware, firmware of the
   scanning stations and TAGs using BLE and the iBeacon protocol were designed
   and developed.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE deep learning; ibeacon; indoor tracking; iot system; machine learning; rssi;
   scanning stations
ID deep learning; firmware; global positioning system; indoor positioning
   systems; internet of things; learning systems; location; telecommunication
   services; deep learning; ibeacon; indoor positioning; indoor tracking; iot
   system; location based services; machine learning; outdoor positioning;
   rssi; scanning station; location based services

---

UT 1409
AR Sabbella HR, 2022, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2022-May, P2393, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS48785.2022.9937827
TI An Always-On tinyML Acoustic Classifier for Ecological Applications
AU Sabbella HR; Nair AR; Gumme V; Yadav SS/1; Chakrabartty S; Thakur CS
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2022
AB Long-term monitoring and tracking of wildlife and endangered species in
   their natural environment is challenging due to human factors and logistical
   limitations.  We present a light-weight, always-on acoustic classification
   system that can identify the density of specific wildlife species in an
   ecological environment where human presence may be undesirable.  The system
   uses a template-based support-vector-machine (SVM) classifier that combines
   acoustic filtering and classification into an in-filter computing and a
   hardware-friendly platform.  We demonstrate the system's capabilities for
   identifying the density of different bird species using ARM Cortex-M4 based
   AudioMoth hardware.  The embedded software, designed specifically for the
   AudioMoth hardware, can generate the programmable parameters, given limited
   training samples corresponding to different wildlife species.  We show that
   the system can identify four different bird species with an accuracy of more
   than 95% and consumes a memory footprint of 14 KB SRAM and 149 KB Flash
   memory that can run for 48 days on battery without any human intervention.
   © 2022 IEEE.
DE acoustic; ecology; template-svm; tinyml
ID birds; conservation; ecology; flash memory; static random access storage;
   system-on-chip; bird species; endangered species; long-term monitoring;
   long-term tracking; monitoring and tracking; natural environments; support
   vectors machine; template-support-vector-machine; tinyml; wildlife species;
   support vector machines

---

UT 1004
AR Liu H/3, 2022, IEEE INT CONF REAL-TIME COMPUT ROBOT RCAR, P693, DOI
   10.1109/RCAR54675.2022.9872225
TI Real-time Prediction Method of Remaining Useful Life Based on TinyML
AU Liu H/3; Song P; Qie Y; Li Y/8
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF REAL-TIME COMPUT ROBOT RCAR
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a new research area aimed at designing and
   developing machine learning (ML) techniques for embedded systems and IoT
   units.  Due to the limited resources of embedded system, neural network
   pruning is widely used to reduce resource occupation.  To solve the problem
   that the Remaining Useful Life (RUL) of the equipment is difficult to
   calculate accurately and in real time, a pruning method based on L1 norm
   weight was designed to reduce the memory footprint and computational load of
   the neural network, and a lightweight two-dimensional convolutional neural
   network was constructed.  Experimental results show that compared with
   random pruning, this method greatly reduces the influence of neural network
   parameter reduction on the accuracy of inference results.  Meanwhile, a
   retraining method based on Adam optimization was used to make the RUL curve
   predicted by the retrained model more close to the real RUL curve.  When the
   weight parameters are reduced by 30%, the model still maintains good
   prediction accuracy, and can realize the real-time prediction of RUL in the
   embedded system with limited resources.  © 2022 IEEE.
ID convolutional neural networks; curve fitting; forecasting; machine learning;
   embedded-system; machine learning techniques; machine learning; network
   pruning; neural networks; real- time; real-time prediction; remaining useful
   lives; research areas; time prediction method; embedded systems

---

UT 1063
AR Chiapputo N, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12097, DOI 10.1117/12.2619142
TI Memory-efficient single-image super-resolution
AU Chiapputo N; Bailey CP
TC 3
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB Modern displays are steadily increasing in resolution, though sensors can be
   prohibitively expensive to capture images and video at such high
   resolutions.  Image super-resolution, or upsampling, has recently been
   applied to alleviate these shortcomings.  There exist many deep learning
   image super-resolution models that reconstruct very high quality high-
   resolution images from a low-resolution base.  However, most of these models
   use a tremendous amount of parameters, requiring a large amount of free
   memory and computational power to super resolve a single image.  As a
   result, many modern super-resolution models are not entirely practical due
   to the computational or memory usage requirements.  We propose a highly
   efficient, small super-resolution model utilizing the sub-pixel convolution
   block for single image super-resolution.  © 2022 SPIE. All rights reserved.
DE efficient neural network; super-resolution; tinyml
ID deep learning; capture images; efficient neural network; high resolution;
   image super resolutions; memory efficient; neural networks; single images;
   super-resolution models; super-resolution; tinyml; optical resolving power

---

UT 1070
AR Negi S, 2022, COMPUT METHODS BIOMECH BIOMED ENG, V25, P1370, DOI
   10.1080/10255842.2021.2012656
TI A standalone computing system to classify human foot movements using machine
   learning techniques for ankle-foot prosthesis control
AU Negi S; Sharma N
TC 3
SO COMPUT METHODS BIOMECH BIOMED ENG
PY 2022
AB This paper presents different machine learning techniques to classify the
   following foot movements: (i) dorsiflexion, (ii) plantarflexion, (iii)
   inversion, (iv) eversion, (v) medial rotation, and (vi) lateral rotation.
   The purpose is to design a real-time standalone computing system to predict
   the foot movements in the sagittal plane, useful for ankle-foot prosthesis
   control.  Electromyography (EMG) and forcemyography (FMG) signals were
   acquired from the leg's tibialis anterior, medial gastrocnemius, lateral
   gastrocnemius, and peroneus longus muscles.  First, Raspberry Pi was used to
   acquire EMG/FMG signals and to classify foot movements in real-time using
   different machine learning techniques.  Later, an Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   controller was employed to implement the TinyML algorithm to classify these
   foot movements in the Arduino environment.  The results showed that
   Raspberry Pi-based classification provided more than 99.5% accuracy for the
   EMG signals using LDA, LR, KNN, and SVC classifiers for offline prediction.
   However, for the classification of real-time signals, the performance of LDA
   is exceptionally well in predicting all classes.  For Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   controller, the TinyML algorithm performed the classification task in real-
   time (8.5msec) without any misclassification.  Further, the classification
   accuracy using EMG signal is much better than FMG based classification.
   Finally, the TinyML algorithm is applied on a transtibial amputee, and it is
   found that all three classes were classified correctly.  Our finding
   suggests that a TinyML based Arduino Nano 33 BLE microcontroller is
   comparatively faster to predict and control, and it is smaller in size, thus
   advantageous for real-time prosthetic leg control applications.  © 2021
   Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group.
DE ankle-foot prosthesis; arduino nano 33 ble controller; electromyography;
   forcemyography; tinyml
ID amputees; ankle; electromyography; humans; joint prosthesis; machine
   learning; muscle skeletal; biomedical signal processing; electromyography;
   forecasting; learning algorithms; machine learning; muscle; prosthetics;
   ankle-foot prosthesis; arduino nano 33 ble controller; computing system;
   electromyography signals; forcemyography; human foot; machine learning
   techniques; prosthesis control; real- time; tinyml; amputee; ankle;
   electromyography; human; joint prosthesis; machine learning; skeletal
   muscle; controllers

---

UT 1122
AR Morgan O, 2022, PROC - ACM/IEEE CONF INTERNET THINGS DES IMPLEMENT IOTDI,
   P141, DOI 10.1109/IoTDI54339.2022.00022
TI Poster Abstract: Feasibility on Detecting Door Slamming towards Monitoring
   Early Signs of Domestic Violence
AU Morgan O; Kayan H; Perera C
TC 3
SO PROC - ACM/IEEE CONF INTERNET THINGS DES IMPLEMENT IOTDI
PY 2022
AB By using low-cost microcontrollers and TinyML, we investigate the
   feasibility of detecting potential early warning signs of domestic violence
   and other anti-social behaviors within the home.  We created a machine
   learning model to determine if a door was closed aggressively by analyzing
   audio data and feeding this into a convolutional neural network to classify
   the sample.  Under test conditions, with no background noise, an accuracy of
   88.89% was achieved, declining to 87.50% when assorted background noises
   were mixed in at a relative volume of 0.5 times that of the sample.  The
   model is then deployed on an Arduino Nano BLE 33 Sense attached to the door,
   and only begins sampling once an acceleration greater than a predefined
   threshold acceleration is detected.  The predictions made by the model can
   then be sent via BLE to another device, such as a smartphone of Raspberry
   Pi.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE internet of things; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; social behavior; audio data; background
   noise; convolutional neural network; cost microcontroller; domestic
   violence; early warning signs; low-costs; machine learning models; social
   behavior; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1152
AR Sai Charan K, 2022, SAE TECH PAP, DOI 10.4271/2022-28-0406
TI An Auto-Encoder Based TinyML Approach for Real-Time Anomaly Detection
AU Sai Charan K
TC 3
SO SAE TECH PAP
PY 2022
AB Condition monitoring plays a crucial role in the automotive space because
   they reduce the downtime and maintenance costs by preventing sudden
   catastrophic breakdown of vehicles.  Condition monitoring solutions
   primarily monitor onboard sensor data to detect anomalies.  However, with
   vehicles becoming more complex each day, the number of sensors to be
   monitored is also growing.  This increases the data volume to be processed
   to make decisions.  It is not feasible to send all the embedded sensor data
   captured to the cloud for processing.  The network bandwidth, latency for
   transferring the data and finally the cost associated with data transfer are
   the factors which impede us from taking this approach.  Much of the previous
   work done to address these issues has proposed Deep Learning driven onboard
   anomaly detection approaches.  The deployment of these implementations
   requires power hungry and costly hardware with high computational resources.
   The recent advances in the field of Tiny Machine Learning have made it
   possible to design and deploy Deep Neural Networks on resource constrained
   low-cost embedded hardware.  In this paper, we propose an Auto-Encoder based
   approach for anomaly detection in time-series vibration sensor data.  The
   designed Auto-Encoder model has a 7.5 KB footprint and was finally deployed
   on a highly resource constrained ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller with 256KB of
   SRAM and 1MB Flash.  The model has been validated on the previous machine
   data.  It has achieved an accuracy and precision close to 80%. Currently, by
   using post training quantization we are trading-off model accuracy for a
   reduction in model size.  In future, we plan to use Quantization Aware
   Training which will help us in achieving even higher model accuracy.  © 2022
   Deere & Company.
ID anomaly detection; costs; data transfer; deep neural networks; signal
   encoding; anomaly detection; auto encoders; automotives; data volume;
   maintenance cost; modeling accuracy; on-board sensors; quantization; real-
   time anomaly detections; sensors data; condition monitoring

---

UT 1284
AR Wang Z/1, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22072432
TI DeepEdge: A Novel Appliance Identification Edge Platform for Data Gathering,
   Capturing and Labeling
AU Wang Z/1; Wang W/1; Zhang Z/4; Hu F/1; Xia X; Chen L
TC 3
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB With the development of the Internet of Things for smart grid, the
   requirement for appliance monitoring has become an important topic.  The
   first and most important step in appliance monitoring is to identify the
   type of appliance.  Most of the existing appliance identification platforms
   are cloud based, thus they consume large computing resources and memory.
   Therefore, it is necessary to explore an edge identification platform with a
   low cost.  In this work, a novel appliance identification edge platform for
   data gathering, capturing and labeling is proposed.  Experiments show that
   this platform can achieve an average appliance identification accuracy of
   98.5% and improve the accuracy of non-intrusive load disaggregation
   algorithms.  © 2022 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE appliance identification; internet of things; load monitoring; tiny machine
   learning
ID algorithms; machine learning; appliance identification; cloud-based;
   computing resource; data capturing; data gathering; data labeling; large-
   computing; load monitoring; smart grid; tiny machine learning; algorithm;
   internet of things

---

UT 1314
AR Debbarma A, 2022, INDICON - IEEE INDIA COUNC INT CONF, DOI
   10.1109/INDICON56171.2022.10039922
TI TinyML Based Physical Computing for Education
AU Debbarma A; Sinha S
TC 3
SO INDICON - IEEE INDIA COUNC INT CONF
PY 2022
AB Neural networks, a type of machine learning, are generally big in size, from
   tens of MBs to a few GBs because they have millions of parameters such as
   weights and biases.  They also need huge number of computations leading to
   the requirement of high memory and computational capacity in systems running
   them.  However, edge devices have limited resources such as memory and
   computing power, have limited internet connectivity and are powered by
   limited battery capacity.  These big models need high end processors,
   graphics processing units and hardware accelerators to run their training
   and inference phases.  So, these models cannot fit in the resource-
   constrained edge devices.  However, edge devices are excellent for Physical
   Computing which offers an interactive paradigm for learning.  At the same
   time, using design paradigms like TinyML, the size of the models can be
   reduced enabling their deployment for inference on edge devices.  This paper
   first discusses TinyML, with Raspberry Pi (RPi) as an example edge device,
   and then focuses on using such devices running tiny models to study
   opportunities for application to education, primarily tertiary education.
   We demonstrate such an application that uses You Look Only Once (YOLOv3)
   model to provide on-demand informative content for images captured through
   RPi camera thus demonstrating learning through physical computing.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE edge device; edge ai; machine learning; physical computing; raspberry pi;
   tinyml
ID computer graphics; computing power; graphics processing unit; program
   processors; computational capacity; computing power; edge device; edge ai;
   machine learning; memory capacity; neural networks; physical computing;
   raspberry pi; tinyml; machine learning

---

UT 1318
AR Fragkou E, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P145, DOI 10.1145/3575879.3575984
TI Transfer Learning for Convolutional Neural Networks in Tiny Deep Learning
   Environments
AU Fragkou E; Lygnos V; Katsaros D
TC 3
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) and Transfer Learning (TL) are two widespread
   methods of successfully deploying ML models to resource-starving devices.
   Tiny ML provides compact models, that can run on resource-constrained
   environments, while TL contributes to the performance of the model by using
   pre-existing knowledge.  So, in this work we propose a simple but efficient
   TL method, applied to three types of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN), by
   retraining more than the last fully connected layer of a CNN in the target
   device, and specifically one or more of the last convolutional layers.  Our
   results shown that our proposed method (FxC1) achieves about increase in
   accuracy and increase in convergence speed, while it incurs a bit larger
   energy consumption overhead, compared to two baseline techniques, namely one
   that retrains the last fully connected layer, and another that retrains the
   whole network.  © 2022 ACM.
DE convolutional neural networks; deep learning; resource-constrained devices;
   tinyml; transfer learning
ID computer aided instruction; convolution; deep learning; energy utilization;
   learning systems; multilayer neural networks; transfer learning; compact
   model; convolutional neural network; deep learning; learning environments;
   machine learning; performance; resource-constrained devices; simple++; tiny
   machine learning; transfer learning; convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1322
AR Risso M, 2022, PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES, DOI 10.1145/3531437.3539720
TI Multi-Complexity-Loss DNAS for Energy-Efficient and Memory-Constrained Deep
   Neural Networks
AU Risso M; Burrello A; Benini L; Macii E; Poncino M; Jahier Pagliari D
TC 3
SO PROC INT SYMP POWER ELECTRON DES
PY 2022
AB Neural Architecture Search (NAS) is increasingly popular to automatically
   explore the accuracy versus computational complexity trade-off of Deep
   Learning (DL) architectures.  When targeting tiny edge devices, the main
   challenge for DL deployment is matching the tight memory constraints, hence
   most NAS algorithms consider model size as the complexity metric.  Other
   methods reduce the energy or latency of DL models by trading off accuracy
   and number of inference operations.  Energy and memory are rarely considered
   simultaneously, in particular by low-search-cost Differentiable NAS (DNAS)
   solutions.  We overcome this limitation proposing the first DNAS that
   directly addresses the most realistic scenario from a designer's
   perspective: the co-optimization of accuracy and energy (or latency) under a
   memory constraint, determined by the target HW. We do so by combining two
   complexity-dependent loss functions during training, with independent
   strength.  Testing on three edge-relevant tasks from the MLPerf Tiny
   benchmark suite, we obtain rich Pareto sets of architectures in the energy
   vs.  accuracy space, with memory footprints constraints spanning from 75% to
   6.25% of the baseline networks.  When deployed on a commercial edge device,
   the STM NUCLEO-H743ZI2, our networks span a range of 2.18x in energy
   consumption and 4.04% in accuracy for the same memory constraint, and reduce
   energy by up to 2.2 with negligible accuracy drop with respect to the
   baseline.  © 2022 Copyright held by the owner/author(s).
DE deep learning; energy efficiency; nas; tinyml
ID complex networks; deep neural networks; economic and social effects; energy
   utilization; memory architecture; network architecture; deep learning;
   energy; energy efficient; learning architectures; matchings; memory
   constraints; neural architecture search; neural architectures; tinyml; trade
   off; energy efficiency

---

UT 1405
AR Soriano T, 2022, IEEE/IFIP INT CONF VLSI SYST-ON-CHIP VLSI-SOC,
   V2022-October, DOI 10.1109/VLSI-SoC54400.2022.9939630
TI MemCork: Exploration of Hybrid Memory Architectures for Intermittent
   Computing at the Edge
AU Soriano T; Novo D; Prenat G; Pendina GD; Benoit P
TC 3
SO IEEE/IFIP INT CONF VLSI SYST-ON-CHIP VLSI-SOC
PY 2022
AB Microcontroller units (MCUs) are often used in Internet of Things nodes that
   operate intermittently.  Such nodes alternate active and inactive phases
   under strict energy constraints.  Typically, the memory system has a
   significant impact on overall MCU energy consumption.  Memory accesses and
   memory leakage power often dominate the consumption of active and inactive
   phases, respectively.  Emerging Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) technologies have
   recently enabled the design of non-volatile MCUs that can significantly
   reduce energy consumption during inactive phases.  However, replacing all
   memories with emerging NVMs is not necessarily the best solution, as it
   often results in dynamic power overhead during active phases.  Instead, a
   hybrid memory architecture that combines volatile and non-volatile
   technologies is a promising alternative.  However, designing hybrid memory
   MCUs is challenging because the technology that best fits a data segment
   depends on its access pattern during execution (e.g., program memory
   experiences mostly reads while the stack alternates reads and writes). For a
   given intermittent application, our goal is to find the best memory
   architecture based on a data mapping that takes advantage of the different
   properties of the available memory technologies.  To this end, we present
   MemCork, a tool for hybrid memory architecture exploration in intermittent
   computing devices.  Based on an instrumented execution on a technology-
   agnostic FPGA prototype, our tool exhaustively explores the possible data
   mapping and memory architecture combinations to find the most energy-
   efficient solution.  We evaluate MemCork on two representative intermittent
   applications and find a customised memory architecture and data mapping that
   reduces energy consumption by up to 23% compared to a fully NVM solution.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE design exploration; edge computing; fpga emulation; intermittent computing;
   iot; mram; tinyml; wireless sensor node
ID edge computing; energy efficiency; energy utilization; field programmable
   gate arrays ( fpga ); green computing; integrated circuit design; internet
   of things; mapping; sensor nodes; design exploration; edge computing; fpga
   emulation; hybrid memory; intermittent computing; iot; microcontroller unit;
   mram; tinyml; wireless sensor node; memory architecture

---

UT 1477
AR Estrebou CA, 2022, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1532 CCIS, P3, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-99170-8_1
TI Lightweight Convolutional Neural Networks Framework for Really Small TinyML
   Devices
AU Estrebou CA; Fleming M; Saavedra MD; Adra F; De Giusti AE
TC 3
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2022
AB This paper presents a lightweight and compact framework designed to perform
   convolutional neural network inference on severely hardware constrained
   microcontrollers.  A review of similar open source libraries is included and
   experiments are developed to compare their capabilities on several different
   microcontrollers.  The proposed framework implementation shows at least a
   three-time improvement over the Google Tensorflow Lite Micro implementation
   with respect to memory usage and inference time.  © 2022, Springer Nature
   Switzerland AG.
DE convolutional neural networks; framework; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; tinyml
ID controllers; convolution; convolutional neural networks; machine learning;
   compact framework; convolutional neural network; framework; google+;
   lightweight frameworks; memory usage; network frameworks; network inference;
   open source libraries; tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1112
AR Pavan M, 2022, CEUR WORK PROC, V3252
TI On-device Subject Recognition in UWB-radar Data with Tiny Machine Learning
AU Pavan M; Caltabiano A; Roveri M
TC 2
SO CEUR WORK PROC
PY 2022
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a novel research area aiming at designing
   machine and deep learning models and algorithms able to be executed on tiny
   devices such as Internet-of-Things units, edge devices or embedded systems.
   Smart pervasive devices are rapidly becoming omnipresent in our every-day
   life, and TinyML and its paradigm of executing everything on-device (and
   thus not moving the data from where they are collected) has been crucial in
   designing algorithms and applications that enhance the privacy of users.
   From this perspective, radar sensors are currently emerging as a valid
   alternative to common sensors (e.g.  microphones, cameras...). Given the
   impossibility to recognize precisely the identity of the user, they can be
   used in cases where it is important to recognize the presence or the
   behaviour of human beings while guaranteeing at the same time to preserve
   their privacy.  UltrawideBand (UWB), in particular, is a radar technology
   that is particularly promising for use in pervasive systems.  Indeed, its
   precision, low energy consumption and fastness are particularly suitable for
   privacy-preserving embedded applications.  We introduce here, for the first
   time in the literature, a TinyML solution integrating pre-processing and
   tiny convolutional neural network for subject recognition (i.e., recognizing
   the age-class of the target) through the analysis of UWB-radar data.  The
   proposed solution has been successfully tested on a real-world application
   of in-car subject recognition.  © 2022 Copyright for this paper by its
   authors.  Use permitted under Creative Commons License Attribution 4.0
   International (CC BY 4.0).
DE deep learning; tinyml; uwb-radar
ID behavioral research; convolutional neural networks; deep learning; embedded
   systems; learning systems; privacy-preserving techniques; radar; ultra-
   wideband ( uwb ); deep learning; device system; learning models; machine
   learning; model and algorithms; radar data; research areas; subject
   recognition; tiny machine learning; ultra-wideband radars; energy
   utilization

---

UT 1218
AR Sai Charan K, 2022, SAE INT J ADV CURR PR MOB, V5, P1496, DOI
   10.4271/2022-28-0406
TI An Auto-Encoder Based TinyML Approach for Real-Time Anomaly Detection
AU Sai Charan K
TC 2
SO SAE INT J ADV CURR PR MOB
PY 2022
AB Condition monitoring plays a crucial role in the automotive space because
   they reduce the downtime and maintenance costs by preventing sudden
   catastrophic breakdown of vehicles.  Condition monitoring solutions
   primarily monitor onboard sensor data to detect anomalies.  However, with
   vehicles becoming more complex each day, the number of sensors to be
   monitored is also growing.  This increases the data volume to be processed
   to make decisions.  It is not feasible to send all the embedded sensor data
   captured to the cloud for processing.  The network bandwidth, latency for
   transferring the data and finally the cost associated with data transfer are
   the factors which impede us from taking this approach.  Much of the previous
   work done to address these issues has proposed Deep Learning driven onboard
   anomaly detection approaches.  The deployment of these implementations
   requires power hungry and costly hardware with high computational resources.
   The recent advances in the field of Tiny Machine Learning have made it
   possible to design and deploy Deep Neural Networks on resource constrained
   low-cost embedded hardware.  In this paper, we propose an Auto-Encoder based
   approach for anomaly detection in time-series vibration sensor data.  The
   designed Auto-Encoder model has a 7.5 KB footprint and was finally deployed
   on a highly resource constrained ARM Cortex-M4 microcontroller with 256KB of
   SRAM and 1MB Flash.  The model has been validated on the previous machine
   data.  It has achieved an accuracy and precision close to 80%. Currently, by
   using post training quantization we are trading-off model accuracy for a
   reduction in model size.  In future, we plan to use Quantization Aware
   Training which will help us in achieving even higher model accuracy.  © 2022
   Deere & Company.
ID anomaly detection; costs; data transfer; deep neural networks; learning
   systems; maintenance; signal encoding; anomaly detection; auto encoders;
   automotives; data volume; maintenance cost; modeling accuracy; on-board
   sensors; quantization; real-time anomaly detections; sensors data; condition
   monitoring

---

UT 1332
AR Zhu X, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P225, DOI 10.1145/3562007.3562050
TI A Guided Task and Obstacle Alert Robot System Based on TinyML and Augmented
   Reality
AU Zhu X; Li R; Hu J; Zhang H/2; Luo Q; Duan Q; Jiang K
TC 2
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Currently, the robot system has been widely applied and rapidly developed.
   It applies to diverse fields such as service, patrol, life, etc.  Most
   patrol robot systems are based on augmented reality and SLAM to complete
   guided navigation tasks.  The AI system is embedded in the robot for objects
   detection during the navigation tasks.  Since the traditional AI model is
   computationally intensive at system deployment, it requests special
   computing devices to support, such as GPUs and TPUs.  However, edge devices
   have too limited memory to run traditional AI models, which significantly
   limits the application of edge devices.  This paper proposed an embedded
   system based on TinyML approach, which combined an augmented reality robot
   system with a lightweight AI model so that it can be deployed on edge device
   or MCU. The goal of this system is to detect the objects during the
   navigation task and give warning to users to remove obstacle for
   continuously operating.  CCS CONCEPTS •Computer systems organization
   •Embedded and cyber-physical systems •Robotics  © 2022 ACM.
DE augmented reality; deep learning; machine learning; microcontroller; slam;
   tinyml
ID augmented reality; deep learning; embedded systems; learning systems;
   navigation; object detection; program processors; robots; ai systems; deep
   learning; diverse fields; machine learning; navigation tasks; objects
   detection; patrol robot systems; robots system; slam; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1336
AR García-Limón JA, 2022, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13612 LNAI, P38, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-19493-1_4
TI Embedded Implementation of the Hypersphere Neural Network for Energy
   Consumption Monitoring
AU García-Limón JA; Serrano Rubio JP; Herrera-Guzmán R; Rodriguez-Vidal LM;
   Hernández-Mendoza CM
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2022
AB The combination of the Internet of Things and Machine Learning has promoted
   the development of new technological approaches such as Edge Computing and
   Tiny Machine Learning.  The contribution of this paper is the implementation
   of the Hypersphere Neural Network using the NodeMCU board and the Esp8266
   microcontroller for energy consumption monitoring.  The energy consumption
   monitoring consists of recognising the device operating with an IoT device.
   We use our IoT device for evaluating the performance of the embedded
   implementation of the Hypersphere Neural Network.  The implementation of the
   Hypersphere Neural Network is carried out from the geometric algebra and
   conformal geometric algebra viewpoints.  The idea behind the design and
   implementation of the Hypersphere Neural Network is to estimate hyperspheres
   which produce non-linear decision boundaries and separate the pattern
   classes.  Our approach achieves 99.7 % and 99.4 % of classification success
   rate for training and validation stages respectively using a simple
   Hypersphere Neural Network topology.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE energy-consumption; geometric algebra; tiny machine learning
ID algebra; geometry; internet of things; machine learning; edge computing;
   embedded implementation; energy-consumption monitoring; energy-consumption;
   geometric algebra; hyper-spheres; machine learning; neural networks;
   performance; tiny machine learning; energy utilization

---

UT 1352
AR Rincon JA, 2022, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13756 LNCS, P179, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-21753-1_18
TI Towards a Low-Cost Companion Robot for Helping Elderly Well-Being
AU Rincon JA; Marco-Detchart C; Julian V; Carrascosa C; Novais P
TC 2
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2022
AB The use of robot assistants and companion robots has been shown to improve
   the well-being of the elderly, enabling them to improve their quality of
   life.  Nowadays, many older people live alone and do not have the resources
   to acquire specialized systems to monitor and accompany them.  But at the
   same time, they are under the supervision of specialized personnel that make
   them feel safe.  Loneliness can be a crucial element that affects many
   people’s lives; not having someone to talk to or hang out with is a current
   concern.  This work explores this issue by developing a small companion
   robot and a heart signal monitoring system (ECG). The presented approach is
   inexpensive, easy to maintain, and integrates machine learning (ML) models
   and the Alexa voice assistant.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive
   license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE assistant; aws; aws-iot; companion robot; deep learnig; edge ai; iomt; iot;
   robotics; tinyml
ID costs; deep learning; internet of things; robots; assistant; aws; aws-iot;
   companion robot; deep learnig; edge ai; iomt; iot; tinyml; well-being;
   electrocardiograms

---

UT 1432
AR Mukherjee A, 2022, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, DOI 10.1145/3564121.3564812
TI TinyML Techniques for running Machine Learning models on Edge Devices
AU Mukherjee A; Ukil A; Dey S; Kulkarni G
TC 2
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2022
AB Resource-constrained platforms such as micro-controllers are the workhorses
   in embedded systems, being deployed to capture data from sensors and send
   the collected data to cloud for processing.  Recently, a great interest is
   seen in the research community and industry to use these devices for
   performing Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) inference tasks
   in the areas of computer vision, natural language processing, machine
   monitoring etc.  leading to the realization of embedded intelligence at the
   edge.  This task is challenging and needs a significant knowledge of AI/ML
   applications, algorithms, and computer architecture and their interactions
   to achieve the desired performance.  In this tutorial we cover a few aspects
   that will help embedded systems designers and AI/ML engineers and scientists
   to deploy the AI/ML models on the Tiny Edge Devices at an optimum level of
   performance.  © 2022 Association for Computing Machinery.
DE deep learning; edge computing; nas; neural networks; pruning; resource-
   constrained devices
ID computer architecture; data handling; deep learning; embedded systems;
   learning algorithms; learning systems; natural language processing systems;
   deep learning; edge computing; embedded-system; machine learning models;
   machine learning; nas; neural networks; performance; pruning; resource-
   constrained devices; edge computing

---

UT 1440
AR Branco S, 2022, SENSORS, V22, DOI 10.3390/s22103657
TI 0-Dimensional Persistent Homology Analysis Implementation in Resource-Scarce
   Embedded Systems
AU Branco S; Carvalho JG; Reis MS; Lopes NV; Cabral J
TC 2
SO SENSORS
PY 2022
AB Persistent Homology (PH) analysis is a powerful tool for understanding many
   relevant topological features from a given dataset.  PH allows finding
   clusters, noise, and relevant connections in the dataset.  Therefore, it can
   provide a better view of the problem and a way of perceiving if a given
   dataset is equal to another, if a given sample is relevant, and how the
   samples occupy the feature space.  However, PH involves reducing the problem
   to its simplicial complex space, which is computationally expensive and
   implementing PH in such Resource-Scarce Embedded Systems (RSES) is an
   essential add-on for them.  However, due to its complexity, implementing PH
   in such tiny devices is considerably complicated due to the lack of memory
   and processing power.  The following paper shows the implementation of
   0-Dimensional Persistent Homology Analysis in a set of well-known RSES,
   using a technique that reduces the memory footprint and processing power
   needs of the 0-Dimensional PH algorithm.  The results are positive and show
   that RSES can be equipped with this real-time data analysis tool.  © 2022 by
   the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE embedded intelligence; intelligent resource-scarce embedded systems;
   persistent homology; tinyml; topological data analysis
ID algorithms; data handling; information analysis; topology; embedded
   intelligence; embedded-system; feature space; intelligent resource;
   intelligent resource-scarce embedded-system; persistent homology; processing
   power; tinyml; topological data analysis; topological features; algorithm;
   embedded systems

---

UT 1465
AR Sudharsan B, 2022, PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW, P865, DOI
   10.1145/3495243.3558265
TI TMM-TinyML: Tensor memory mapping (TMM) method for tiny machine learning
   (TinyML)
AU Sudharsan B; Prasad S/1; Jose D; Breslin JG
TC 2
SO PROC ANNU INT CONF MOB COMPUT NETW
PY 2022
AB TinyML: Tiny in size, big in impact!  In this paper, we present a Tensor
   Memory Mapping (TMM) method, which can accurately calculate the on-device
   execution memory consumed by a range of ML and TinyML models during
   execution on small central processing units (CPUs), microcontroller units
   (MCUs), and single board computers (SBCs).  © 2022 Owner/Author.
DE edge computing; iot devices; machine learning; tinyml
ID internet of things; machine learning; mapping; program processors; tensors;
   edge computing; iot device; machine learning models; machine learning;
   mapping method; memory mapping; microcontroller unit; single board
   computers; tiny machine learning; edge computing

---

UT 1006
AR Plozza D, 2022, PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS,
   P415, DOI 10.1109/AICAS54282.2022.9870024
TI Real-Time Low Power Audio Distortion Circuit Modeling: a TinyML Deep
   Learning Approach
AU Plozza D; Giordano M; Magno M
TC 1
SO PROCEEDING - IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS
PY 2022
AB This work proposes a combined approach using deep learning and standard
   signal conditioning to model analog audio distortion circuits in real-time.
   The proposed model targets low latency and low power resource-constrained
   processors, and it is based on a quantized neural network.  Pre- and post-
   processing consisting in filtering and dithering has been applied to improve
   the performance of the proposed optimized model.  The model has been
   compared with a real-time state-of-art model WaveNet3 running on a modern
   desktop computer, which we used as performance reference.  Our proposed
   model achieves a parameter size reduction of 8.4x and a neural network
   multiply-accumulation operations reduction of 5.1x with respect to the
   WaveNet3, while maintaining comparable performance.  The model has been
   optimized and deployed on the novel MAX78000 microcontroller which features
   an on-board convolutional neural network hardware accelerator.  Experimental
   results show real-time operation with a total latency of less than 10 ms and
   a power consumption as low as 91.8 mW in active mode, making the system
   suited for live music performances.  Experimental results also demonstrate
   the capability of the hardware accelerator of the MAX78000 to reach 53.2
   multiply-accumulation operations per cycle.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE artificial neural networks; audio systems; edge computing; hardware
   acceleration; low power electronics; music
ID audio acoustics; audio systems; circuit simulation; computer hardware;
   computing power; deep neural networks; edge computing; low power
   electronics; timing circuits; circuit modeling; edge computing; hardware
   acceleration; hardware accelerators; low power; low power electronics;
   multiply accumulations; neural networks; performance; real- time; music

---

UT 1037
AR Greis NP, 2022, MANUF LET, V34, P53, DOI 10.1016/j.mfglet.2022.08.015
TI From self-aware to self-healing for perpetual manufacturing
AU Greis NP
TC 1
SO MANUF LET
PY 2022
AB Self-healing for machine tools presents significant challenges.  However,
   current research suggests a convergence of requisite self-healing
   capabilities for metals, electronics and networking.  And advances in ultra-
   low-power machine learning referred to as TinyML, running locally on
   microcontrollers, is enabling new classes of machine learning applications
   that allow on-device and real-time inference needed for detecting, actuating
   and managing the self-healing process.  Synchronization of the different
   time and length scales of failure and healing remains a key challenge.  A
   complex event processing framework is described that builds on TinyML and
   complex event processing of damage and healing events to control the healing
   process(es). © 2022 The Author
DE complex event processing; machine tools; metals and metal matrix materials;
   self-healing; tinyml
ID machine learning; self-healing materials; current; complex event processing;
   complex events; event processing; matrix materials; metal and metal matrix
   material; metal matrix; self-aware; self-healing; tinyml; machine tools

---

UT 1136
AR [Anonymous], 2022, PROC - ISMODE INT SEMIN MACH LEARN OPTIM DATA SCI, P436,
   DOI 10.1109/ISMODE56940.2022.10180414
TI Deep Tiny Quantization for Fish-Eye Distorted Object Classification
TC 1
SO PROC - ISMODE INT SEMIN MACH LEARN OPTIM DATA SCI
PY 2022
AB Tiny machine learning has proven its capabilities and applicability in
   several research fields such as IoT and Automotive applications.  The
   introduction of the deeply quantized neural network has been a game changer
   as it allowed to reduce dramatically the memory footprint.  The challenge is
   to achieve a marginal accuracy drop low enough while quantizing 32 bits
   floating point neural networks.  In case of mice studies, by acquiring the
   appropriate images per each use case, with the neural networks proposed by
   this work, it is possible to classify the objects inside the mice' cages and
   if they drink or not.  The outcomes are important to indicate the health
   status of the rodents.  In that context, pBottleNet, pFoodNet, pCageNet have
   been introduced to classify the presence of the bottle, the food level and
   the presence of the cage while pDrinkingNet was designed to identify if the
   rodent was drinking when the bottle was present in the cage.  The accuracies
   of the above cited four deeply quantized neural networks were between 95.70%
   and 99.9%. The entire process, from the image capture to the inference's
   execution, have been deployed on microcontrollers.  The design of the
   networks, therefore, shall respect the memory constraints of the STM32H7 and
   of the STM32L4 microcontrollers in which the models have been analyzed and
   tested.  The inference times on the STM32H7 for each pico model were 1.
   912ms, 12.579ms, 2. 263ms and 2. 264ms respectively.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE deeply quantized neural network; fish-eye images; microcontrollers; post-
   training quantization; quantization-aware training; tiny machine learning
ID bottles; controllers; deep learning; digital arithmetic; image
   classification; image compression; learning systems; mammals; deeply
   quantized neural network; eye images; fish-eye image; machine learning;
   neural networks; post-training quantization; quantization; quantization-
   aware training; tiny machine learning; microcontrollers

---

UT 1164
AR Forleo M, 2022, MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC, P752, DOI
   10.1109/MELECON53508.2022.9842962
TI Tiny Neural Networks for ISM band demodulation
AU Forleo M; Pau DP; Ivan Piazzese N
TC 1
SO MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB The current industrial, scientific and medical band transceivers provide I
   (in-phase) Q (quadrature) samples which are generated at the output of the
   analog-to-digital converter or by the subsequent decimation and channel
   filter chain.  These signals are further processed by a microcontroller,
   embodied in the transceiver, for different application purposes.  By
   implementing the demodulation in a software manner, the objective is to
   deploy different and more accurate strategies in the transceiver.
   Unfortunately, the state-of-the-art solutions that consider a machine
   learning approach to the software defined demodulation did not provide
   measures of complexity nor if they are suitable for running on a low-cost
   low-power microcontroller.  This work studied how feasible such a solution
   would be.  Two case studies were considered: gaussian frequency-shift keying
   Bluetooth Low Energy and frequency-shift keying Wi-SUN demodulations.  A
   comparison between artificial neural networks and classical algorithms was
   conducted.  The deep learning performances proved to be comparable with
   those of the excellent Viterbi demodulator and they were finally validated
   with complexity measurements and analysis of processing time on
   microcontrollers to demonstrate the fulfilment with the memory requirements
   and the real time constraint for a demodulation with low data rate.  © 2022
   IEEE.
DE artificial neural networks; bluetooth le; demodulation; gfsk; tiny machine
   learning; viterbi; wi-sun
ID analog to digital conversion; bluetooth; complex networks; controllers; deep
   learning; demodulators; frequency shift keying; learning systems;
   microcontrollers; neural networks; optical variables measurement; radio
   transceivers; current; bluetooth le; gfsk; industrial scientific and
   medical; ism bands; machine learning; neural networks; tiny machine
   learning; viterbi; wi-sun; demodulation

---

UT 1167
AR Degaru R, 2022, INT CONF COMMUN COMM - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/COMM54429.2022.9817267
TI The C-CNN model: Do we really need multiplicative synapses in convolutional
   neural networks?
AU Degaru R; Mirica A-D; Dogaru I
TC 1
SO INT CONF COMMUN COMM - PROC
PY 2022
AB Comparative synapses are proposed and investigated in the context of
   convolutional neural networks as replacements for the traditional,
   multiplier-based synapses.  A comparative synapse is an operator inspired
   from the min() operator used in fuzzy-logic a replacement for product to
   implement AND function.  Its implementation complexity is linear in the
   number of bits unlike multipliers, requiring quadratic complexity.  In
   effect, using a typical resolution of 8 bits the use of comparative synapse
   would reduce 8 times the number of hardware resources allocated for the
   operator.  A C-CNN model was constructed to support comparative synapses and
   their update and error propagation rules.  GPU acceleration of the C-CNN
   model was achieved using CUPY. The model was trained with several widely
   known image recognition datasets including MNIST, CIFAR and USPS. It turns
   out that functional performance (accuracy) is not dramatically affected in
   C-CNN against a similar traditional CNN model with multiplicative operators,
   thus opening an interesting implementation perspective, particularly for the
   TinyML and HW-oriented solutions with significant reduction in energy,
   silicon area and costs.  The approach is scalable to more sophisticated CNN
   models providing adequate optimized operators adapted to this new synaptic
   model.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; hardware complexity; min operator; multiplier;
   tinyml
ID complex networks; convolution; fuzzy logic; fuzzy neural networks; image
   recognition; cnn models; convolutional neural network; fuzzy logic;
   hardwares complexity; implementation complexity; min operator;
   multiplicative synapses; multiplier; quadratic complexity; tinyml;
   convolutional neural networks

---

UT 1169
AR Daghero F, 2022, IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL, V661 IFIP, P25, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-16818-5_2
TI Low-Overhead Early-Stopping Policies for Efficient Random Forests Inference
   on Microcontrollers
AU Daghero F; Burrello A; Xie C; Benini L; Calimera A; Macii E; Poncino M;
   Jahier Pagliari D
TC 1
SO IFIP ADV INF COMMUN TECHNOL
PY 2022
AB Random Forests (RFs) are popular Machine Learning models for edge computing,
   due to their lightweight nature and high accuracy on several common tasks.
   Large RFs however, still have significant energy costs, a serious concern
   for battery-operated ultra-low-power devices.  Following the adaptive (or
   dynamic) inference paradigm, we introduce a hardware-friendly early stopping
   policy for RF-based classifiers, halting the execution as soon as a
   sufficient prediction confidence is achieved.  We benchmark our approach on
   three state-of-the-art datasets relative to different embedded
   classification tasks, and deploy our models on a single core RISC-V
   microcontroller.  We achieve an energy reduction ranging from 18% to more
   than 91%, with an accuracy drop lower than 0.5%. Additionally, we compare
   our approach with other early-stopping policies, showing that we outperform
   them.  © 2022, IFIP International Federation for Information Processing.
DE adaptive inference; dynamic inference; energy efficiency; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; random forests; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); controllers; decision trees; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; random forests; adaptive inference; dynamic
   inference; early stopping; edge computing; high-accuracy; low overhead;
   machine learning models; machine learning; random forests; tinyml; energy
   efficiency

---

UT 1356
AR Langroudi HF, 2022, LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI, V13253 LNCS, P50, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-031-09779-9_4
TI ACTION: Automated Hardware-Software Codesign Framework for Low-precision
   Numerical Format SelecTION in TinyML
AU Langroudi HF; Karia V; Pandit T; Mashaido B; Kudithipudi D
TC 1
SO LECT NOTES COMPUT SCI
PY 2022
AB In this paper, a new low-precision hardware-software codesign framework is
   presented, to optimally select the numerical formats and bit-precision for
   TinyML models and benchmarks.  The selection is performed by integer linear
   programming using constraints mandated by tiny edge devices.  Practitioners
   can use the proposed framework to reduce design costs in the early stages of
   designing accelerators for TinyML models.  The efficacy of various numerical
   formats is studied within a new low-precision framework, ACTION. Results
   assert that generalized posit and tapered fixed are suitable numerical
   formats for TinyML when the trade-off between accuracy and hardware
   complexity is desired.  © 2022, The Author(s), under exclusive license to
   Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE deep neural networks; hardware-software codesign; low-precision arithmetic
ID computer hardware; economic and social effects; hardware-software codesign;
   integer programming; bit precision; codesign framework; design costs;
   hardware/software codesign; hardwares complexity; integer linear
   programming; low-precision arithmetic; lower precision; precision
   arithmetic; trade off; deep neural networks

---

UT 1373
AR Dogaru R, 2022, INT SYMP ELECTRON TELECOMMUN ISETC - CONF PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ISETC56213.2022.10010234
TI State of the Art Recognition of Emotions from Speech, Using a Low Complexity
   Solution Based on Reaction-Diffusion Transform
AU Dogaru R; Dogaru I
TC 1
SO INT SYMP ELECTRON TELECOMMUN ISETC - CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB A low complexity solution for the problem of emotional speech recognition is
   provided and evaluated demonstrating state of the art accuracies for
   relevant emotional speech databases.  The relevance of proper augmentation
   in the sound domain is demonstrated, with important increases in accuracies.
   In comparison to more traditional methods based on mel-cepstral coefficients
   or recurrent layers, our method offers a simpler way to compute spectrograms
   and consequently would reduce the complexity of the implementation, for
   instance the proposed method was recently implemented in a mobile platform
   (running autonomously from any network connectivity). Test accuracy of 96.83
   % is obtained for the EMO-Db dataset and 96.63% for the RAVDESS datasets.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE augmentation; deep learning; reaction-diffusion transform; speech
   recognition; tinyml
ID complex networks; deep learning; diffusion in liquids; emotion recognition;
   statistical tests; augmentation; deep learning; emotional speech; emotional
   speech recognition; lower complexity; reaction-diffusion; reaction-diffusion
   transform; recognition of emotion; state of the art; tinyml; speech
   recognition

---

UT 1407
AR Deji Dere M, 2022, INT CONF CONTROL AUTOM SYST, V2022-November, P337, DOI
   10.23919/ICCAS55662.2022.10003782
TI Towards On-device Deep Neural Network Inference and Model Update for Real-
   time Gesture Classification
AU Deji Dere M; Ji-Hun J; Lee B
TC 1
SO INT CONF CONTROL AUTOM SYST
PY 2022
AB Deep learning resurgence ushered in the application of pattern recognition
   algorithms in high-impact research fields with impressive accuracy.  In
   addition, deep neural networks (DNN) have recently been used to classify
   gestures for rehabilitation device control utilizing raw electromyography
   data.  However, the computational resources required by a convolution neural
   network (CNN) are a constraint that often limits deployment to embedded
   devices for real-time inference.  An optimized edge adaptive convolutional
   neural network using a short-time Fourier transform (STFT) spectrogram input
   was proposed in this study.  The model's classification accuracy was
   evaluated offline and on-device for inter-subject accuracy.  Furthermore, an
   adaptive weight update approach was implemented to improve inference model
   accuracy due to degradation.  The proposed model and optimization technique
   achieved offline accuracy of 92.19 % and 94.29 % for the raw and STFT input,
   respectively.  However, the on-device accuracy for raw and STFT input to the
   model was 82.26 % and 85.19 %, respectively.  On the other hand, the
   adaptive model update increased the respective accuracy by an average of 7%
   on-device.  Finally, our study demonstrates the deployment of DNN on-device
   for real-time gesture classification inference.  © 2022 ICROS.
DE convolution neural network ( cnn ); human machine interface; rehabilitation;
   surface electromyography ( semg ); tinyml
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; pattern recognition; convolution
   neural network; gesture classifications; human machine interface; model
   updates; real- time; short time fourier transforms; surface
   electromyography; tinyml; deep neural networks

---

UT 1012
AR Giridharan N, 2022, IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS,
   DOI 10.1109/CSITSS57437.2022.10026358
TI Next-Gen Swarm Cubesats' Synchronization and Re-Programmability
AU Giridharan N; Pranav PV
TC 0
SO IEEE INT CONF COMPUT SYST TECHNOL SUSTAIN SOLUT CSITSS
PY 2022
AB The increasing need for interstellar data has increased the deployment of
   satellites in space, thereby increasing the space debris, also resulting in
   unnecessary costs.  CubeSats have been gaining scads of attention worldwide
   for their affordability and ease of construction by the educational
   community.  To further enhance this, it is imperative for a simple and
   reliable communication technique and its ability to work on robust missions
   by enabling CubeSats in intelligent ways.  The mission is targeted to be
   used at LEO; considering the size and some unplumbed areas of the planet,
   the CubeSats will work in tandem to perform the task of high resolution
   infrared thermal imaging over a decided area.  The paper proposes a
   technology that can reduce the costs by deploying CubeSats and improving
   their lifetime and number of missions using TinyML and reprogrammability
   capabilities.  Swarms of CubeSat deployed for this mission can be
   synchronized, without having any ground support with the help of onboard ML
   algorithms.  Hence, the paper also proposes the use of TinyML for power
   optimization and efficient solar irradiance orientation.  Both of the
   aforementioned features not only escalate the life of CubeSats but also can
   become capable of performing other missions during its lifetime.  Thus,
   orbital re-programmability for CubeSats is also being contemplated in the
   paper.  The use of TinyML and orbital reprogrammability can reduce the space
   debris by bringing in the factor of satellites' reusability and accessing
   celestial bodies while making the space environment less cluttered.
   Applying this technology in CubeSat missions has wide prospects in the
   exploration of different planets' landing site data that can be exploited
   for future space travel.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE cubesats; re-programmability; tinyml
ID infrared imaging; orbits; reusability; small satellites; communication
   techniques; cubesat; cubesats; educational community; high resolution
   infrared; orbitals; re-programmability; reliable communication; simple++;
   tinyml; space debris

---

UT 1028
AR Wang J, 2022, ADV TRANSDISCIPL ENG, V33, P158, DOI 10.3233/ATDE221161
TI A General Neural Network Deployment Framework for Edge Devices
AU Wang J; Wang Y; Lou W; Wei W; Lv J
TC 0
SO ADV TRANSDISCIPL ENG
PY 2022
AB As the expansion of edge devices, such as local edge servers or even IoT
   (Internet of Things) devices, edge computing reforms data processing flow,
   engendering improvement in faster insights, improved response times and
   better bandwidth availability.  However, industry encounters computational
   resource constraints of machine learning on edge devices, e.g., limitation
   of memory and processing power.  To tackle this situation, we attempt to
   enhance flexibility of neural network models for variable hardware
   constraints.  In this paper, we propose a paradigm of neural network
   combination implementation as a primitive solution; further more, we manage
   to build up a general neural network deployment framework for edge devices.
   © 2022 The authors and IOS Press.
DE edge computing; neural network; tinyml
ID data handling; intelligent systems; internet of things; neural network
   models; bandwidth availability; computational resources; edge computing;
   edge server; machine learning; network deployment; neural networks;
   processing flow; resource constraint; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 1032
AR Montaruli B, 2022, MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC, P984, DOI
   10.1109/MELECON53508.2022.9843133
TI Neural Network Decomposition and Distribution on Multiple Microcontrollers
AU Montaruli B; Santamaria A; Pau D
TC 0
SO MELECON - IEEE MEDITERR ELECTROTECH CONF PROC
PY 2022
AB The deployment of Neural Network (NN) models on low-power and resource-
   constrained devices represents a critical bottleneck in the design of
   intelligent and autonomous Internet of Things (IoT) systems due to the
   aggressive computational and memory constraints.  In this paper, we
   introduce a novel design methodology based on a distributed approach, which
   aims at automatically partitioning the execution of a NN over multiple
   heterogeneous tiny devices.  Such a methodology is formalized as an
   optimization problem where either the inference latency is minimized or the
   throughput is maximized, within the devices' memory and computing
   capabilities.  The methodology is evaluated over several NN architectures
   and microcontrollers (MCUs) by using three algorithms, namely Full Search
   (FS), Dichotomic Search (DS) and Branch-and-Bound (B&B). The obtained
   results showed that the B&B outperformed the others since, in all the
   experiments, it was able to find the optimal solution in the lowest number
   of computing steps.  With this work, we aim at enabling novel Machine
   Learning (ML) solutions which offer low latency, autonomy and high energy
   efficiency.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE microcontrollers; neural networks; optimization problem; tinyml
ID controllers; energy efficiency; internet of things; low power electronics;
   optimization; branch and bounds; computational constraints; low power;
   network decomposition; network distributions; neural network model; neural
   networks; optimization problems; resource-constrained devices; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1058
AR De Amorim LF, 2022, PROC IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABLE AUT SECUR COMPUT INT CONF
   PERVASIVE INTELL COMPUT INT CONF CLOUD BIG DATA COMPUT INT CONF CYBER SCI
   TECHNOL CONGR DASC/PICOM/CBDCOM/CYBERSCITECH, DOI
   10.1109/DASC/PiCom/CBDCom/Cy55231.2022.9928027
TI Design and Implementation of UFRJ Nautilus' AUV Lua - A TinyML Approach
AU De Amorim LF; Pavani VA; Alexandre LB; Teixeira PH; Valentim S; Serdeira H;
   Prado V; De Farias CM; Delicato FC
TC 0
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF DEPENDABLE AUT SECUR COMPUT INT CONF PERVASIVE INTELL
   COMPUT INT CONF CLOUD BIG DATA COMPUT INT CONF CYBER SCI TECHNOL CONGR
   DASC/PICOM/CBDCOM/CYBERSCITECH
PY 2022
AB The UFRJ Nautilus is a student-driven engineering project team at the
   Federal University of Rio de Janeiro focused on building and designing AUVs
   to compete in the AUSVI RoboSub Competition.  The team focused on the making
   of a brand new autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV) called Lua.  There are
   several challenges on building a software system for an AUV. The
   localization problem is a major challenge.  Among the different proposals
   for localization, the beamforming algorithms have proved to be a reliable
   option.  However, they present some limitations.  The beamforming algortihms
   have two sources of errors: (i) the noise typical of sensors and signals and
   (ii) the arrangement of the sensors, which is a function of the true azimuth
   (horizontal angle from an observer - the AUV - to the object of interest)
   and elevation angles.  Therefore, the beamforming has an error factor which
   is the sum of both errors described.  In order to overcome this issue, we
   propose using a TinyML-based approach - an embedded Machine Learning
   algorithm that is able to learn about angles combination that reduces the
   error.  To reduce the noise we will combine the TinyML algorithm with a
   traditional Kalman Filter.  Experimental results showed that our proposal
   has a better performance reducing the errors from previous approaches.  ©
   2022 IEEE.
DE auv; clustering; data fusion; neural networks; positioning; tinyml
ID beamforming; data fusion; errors; learning algorithms; machine learning;
   autonomous underwater vehicles ]; clusterings; design and implementations;
   engineering program; localization problems; neural networks; positioning;
   project team; software-systems; tinyml; autonomous underwater vehicles

---

UT 1101
AR Branco S/1, 2022, IECON PROC, V2022-October, DOI
   10.1109/IECON49645.2022.9969089
TI CLARA: Transpiler for Cloud built Machine Learning Models into Resource-
   Scarce Embedded Systems
AU Branco S/1; Ferreira C; Carvalho J/1; Gaspar B; Cabral J
TC 0
SO IECON PROC
PY 2022
AB The increasing aim to use Machine Learning (ML) models to solve many
   problems targets now the end-devices.  Implementing such models in Resource-
   Scarce Embedded Systems (RSES) improves battery life, privacy, and security.
   However, due to the lack of resources, the end-devices have called for tools
   to translate ML models built using Cloud computers to low-level languages
   with distinct degrees of optimizations.  The following paper presents a
   Transpiler tool to translate trained Machine Learning models to plain C. The
   tool provides the transpiling of many ML algorithms, pre-processing
   algorithms, and decomposition models.  As the paper shows, compared to other
   transpiling tools available on the market, CLARA provides the highest number
   of models to transpile and a multitude of optimization that targets memory
   and/or processing footprint.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE embedded intelligence; federated learning; tinyml; transpiler
ID machine learning; battery life; embedded intelligence; embedded-system; end-
   devices; federated learning; machine learning models; optimizations; privacy
   and security; tinyml; transpiler; embedded systems

---

UT 1205
AR Langer T, 2022, PROC INT CONF PATTERN RECOGNIT, V2022-August, P755, DOI
   10.1109/ICPR56361.2022.9955643
TI Hardware-Efficient Ultrasonic Entrance Counting: Comparing Different Machine
   Learning Approaches
AU Langer T; Waschneck B; Partzsch J; Kelber F; Mayr C
TC 0
SO PROC INT CONF PATTERN RECOGNIT
PY 2022
AB In this work, the classification of walking direction based on ultrasonic
   signals has been examined for entrance counting.  Feed-forward and recurrent
   neural network architectures as well as simpler machine learning techniques
   have been investigated and compared with classical signal processing
   techniques.Using only a single ultrasonic receiver, the focus was set on the
   development of a hardware-efficient system concept.  Different ultrasonic
   measurement methods in time and frequency domain have been compared with the
   perspective of a holistic energy optimization.  The analysis of the system's
   hardware efficiency was completed by an estimation of algorithmic latency,
   energy and storage consumption based on the arithmetic of the classification
   algorithms.  All algorithms showed an estimated energy consumption of less
   than 10 μJ for a single inference on a state-of-the-art implementation of an
   ARM® Cortex® M4F micro-controller, which was found to be negligible compared
   to the energy of the measurement principle.  Compared to other sensor types
   and multi-sensor systems, a state-of-the-art test accuracy of 99.72% could
   be achieved for differentiating between the two entrance directions of a
   present person and the absence of a person.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE edge computing; entrance counting; low power; machine learning; smart
   buildings; tinyml; ultrasound
ID energy efficiency; energy utilization; feedforward neural networks;
   frequency-domain analysis; inference engines; network architecture;
   recurrent neural networks; signal processing; ultrasonics; edge computing;
   energy; entrance counting; low power; machine learning approaches; machine
   learning; state of the art; tinyml; ultrasonic signals; walking direction;
   edge computing

---

UT 1253
AR Bria A, 2022, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP, P263, DOI
   10.1109/SMARTCOMP55677.2022.00065
TI An Open Source C Code Generator and a Tiny Machine Learning Toolchain for
   the SENSIPLUS Platform
AU Bria A; Ferrigno L; Marrocco C; Molinara M; Vitelli M; Ria A; Cicalini M;
   Manfredini G; Bruschi P
TC 0
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP
PY 2022
AB The use of Machine Learning in IoT devices has become the only viable path
   in today's landscape, where millions of connected devices surround us and
   increasingly affect our lives.  These resource-limited devices interact with
   the surrounding world via actuators and sensors.  Many of these devices use
   Machine Learning techniques to be able to interpret the world and choose the
   appropriate action to take.  Therefore the purpose of this work is to create
   a system that allows the application of Machine Learning algorithms directly
   to the ends of the network, where sensors and actuators reside.  The system
   is designed to rely on the SENSIPLUS smart-sensor as a data acquisition
   device, and consists of an automatic code generation and compilation system,
   which through the use of a Toolchain, allows to run artificial intelligence
   algorithms directly on microcontroller devices.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE c; code generator; iot; machine learning; pollution monitoring; smart city;
   toolchain
ID actuators; c ( programming language ); codes ( symbols ); data acquisition;
   internet of things; learning algorithms; learning systems; machine learning;
   open source software; open systems; actuators and sensors; c; c++ codes;
   code generators; iot; machine learning; open source; pollution monitoring;
   resource-limited devices; toolchain; smart city

---

UT 1294
AR Saint-Germain L, 2022, IEEE WORK SIGNAL PROCESS SYST SIPS DES IMPLEMENT,
   V2022-November, DOI 10.1109/SiPS55645.2022.9919244
TI Methodology to Adapt Neural Network on Constrained Device at Topology level
AU Saint-Germain L; Le Gal B; Baldacci F; Crenne J; Jego C; Loty S
TC 0
SO IEEE WORK SIGNAL PROCESS SYST SIPS DES IMPLEMENT
PY 2022
AB Artificial Intelligence is now ubiquitous as nearly every application domain
   has found some use for it.  The high computational complexity involved in
   its deployment has led to strong research activity in optimizing its
   integration in embedded systems.  Research works on efficient
   implementations of CNNs on resource-constrained devices (eg.  CPU, FPGA)
   largely focus on hardware based optimizations such as pruning, quantization
   or hardware accelerator.  However, most performance improvements leading to
   efficient solutions in terms of memory, complexity and energy are located at
   the NN topology level, prior to any implementation step.  This paper
   introduces a methodology called ANN2T (Artificial Neural Network to Target)
   which adapts a pre-trained deep neural network to a designated device with
   given optimization constraints.  ANN2T leverages its included
   simplifications and/or transformations to progressively modify the deep
   neural network layers in order to meet the optimization target.  Experiment
   results obtained on microcontroller device show ANN2T produces valuable
   trade-offs.  It achieved up to 33% MACC and 37% memory footprint reductions
   with no accuracy loss on ResNet-18 topology over the CIFAR-10 dataset.  This
   fully-automated methodology could be generalized to targets such as CPUs,
   GPUs or FPGAs.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE dnn; edge ai; embedded systems; low power devices; machine learning; tinyml
ID complex networks; constrained optimization; deep neural networks; economic
   and social effects; embedded systems; low power electronics; multilayer
   neural networks; network layers; program processors; applications domains;
   constrained devices; dnn; edge ai; embedded-system; low power devices;
   machine learning; neural networks; optimizations; tinyml; topology

---

UT 1319
AR Kyung Y, 2022, INT CONF ICT CONVERG, V2022-October, P1800, DOI
   10.1109/ICTC55196.2022.9952986
TI Changes in Communication Networks and Computing for Intelligent IoT Services
   from Cloud to Edge
AU Kyung Y; Ko H
TC 0
SO INT CONF ICT CONVERG
PY 2022
AB Initially, users use internet of things (IoT) services to remotely monitor
   or control things through the internet.  However, according to the
   development of IoT technologies, there have been various IoT services which
   require some strict requirements such as real-time response or high
   computing processing.  In addition, the intelligent computing for the
   services has been needed in these days.  To cover these services, the
   communication networks and computing paradigms have been changed.
   Conventionally, IoT services have been usually supported in the cloud.
   Then, the edge cloud or computing has been considered for the real-time
   response.  Finally, the computing in the device by itself such as a tiny
   machine learning concept has been recently introduced.  Therefore, this
   paper reviews the changes in communications networks and computing paradigms
   from the cloud to the edge and device computing for the intelligent IoT
   services.  © 2022 IEEE.
DE cloud; edge; iot; tinyml
ID communications networks; computing paradigm; edge; edge clouds; edge
   computing; internet of things technologies; machine learning; real-time
   response; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1445
AR Zhang J/2, 2022, PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG, V12346, DOI 10.1117/12.2653382
TI Early warning method and system of building environmental security based on
   TinyML and CloudML technology
AU Zhang J/2; Chen C; Peng J/1; Liang J/1
TC 0
SO PROC SPIE INT SOC OPT ENG
PY 2022
AB The traditional fire monitoring system mainly collects data through smoke,
   temperature and humidity sensor, carbon dioxide sensor and so on, and simply
   uses a fixed threshold to monitor or predict disasters.  However, this
   method uses sensors to detect the fixed threshold, which will lead to
   different judgment accuracy in different regions, different installation
   environments and different seasons, and is often limited by bandwidth and
   power.  It is easy to lead to problems such as misjudgment or failure to
   trigger in more and more complex building environments, excessive reliance
   on cloud servers, and excessive data delay.  Therefore, a building
   environment security early warning method based on tinyml technology in
   cloud computing environment is proposed.  The system analyzes and collects
   smoke data in real time through real-Time tinyml technology, so as to judge
   whether there is danger in the environment.  Combining cloudml technology to
   analyze and intermittently collect temperature and humidity environmental
   data to predict future environmental safety conditions can improve system
   efficiency, optimize data delay and achieve more accurate prediction
   accuracy.  © COPYRIGHT SPIE. Downloading of the abstract is permitted for
   personal use only.
DE cloud computing; cloudml ( cloud machine learning ); security early warning;
   tinyml ( tiny machine learning )
ID carbon dioxide; cloud computing; environmental technology; forecasting;
   smoke; building environment; cloud machine learning; cloud computing; early
   warning; early warning method; fixed threshold; machine learning; security
   early warning; tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1023
AR Dutta DL, 2021, INTERNET THING, V16, DOI 10.1016/j.iot.2021.100461
TI TinyML Meets IoT: A Comprehensive Survey
AU Dutta DL; Bharali S
TC 288
SO INTERNET THING
PY 2021
AB The rapid growth in miniaturization of low-power embedded devices and
   advancement in the optimization of machine learning (ML) algorithms have
   opened up a new prospect of the Internet of Things (IoT), tiny machine
   learning (TinyML), which calls for implementing the ML algorithm within the
   IoT device.  TinyML framework in IoT is aimed to provide low latency,
   effective bandwidth utilization, strengthen data safety, enhance privacy,
   and reduce cost.  Its ability to empower the IoT device to reliably function
   without consistent access to the cloud services while delivering accurate ML
   services makes it a promising option for IoT applications seeking cost-
   effective solutions.  Especially in settings where inadequate connectivity
   is common, TinyML aims to provide on-premise analytics which will add
   substantial benefit to IoT services.  In this article, we introduce the
   definition of TinyML and provide background information on diverse related
   technologies stating their strengths and weaknesses.  We then show how
   TinyML-as-a-service is implemented through efficient hardware-software co-
   design.  This article also introduces the role of 5G in TinyML-IoT scenario.
   Furthermore, it touches on the recent progress in TinyML research in both
   academia and industry along with future challenges and opportunities.  We
   believe that this review will serve as an information cornerstone for the
   IoT research community and pave the way for further research in this
   direction.  © 2021 Elsevier B.V.
DE hardware-software codesign; internet of things ( iot ); tiny machine
   learning ( tinyml )

---

UT 1196
AR Xue C-X, 2021, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT SOLID STATE CIRCUITS CONF, V64, P245,
   DOI 10.1109/ISSCC42613.2021.9365769
TI A 22nm 4Mb 8b-Precision ReRAM Computing-in-Memory Macro with 11.91 to
   195.7TOPS/W for Tiny AI Edge Devices
AU Xue C-X; Hung J-M; Kao H-Y; Huang Y-H; Huang S-P; Chang F-C; Chen P; Liu
   T-W; Jhang C-J; Su C-I; Khwa W-S; Lo C-C; Liu R-S; Hsieh C-C; Tang K-T; Chih
   Y-D; Chang T-YJ; Chang M-F
TC 193
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT SOLID STATE CIRCUITS CONF
PY 2021
AB Battery-powered tiny-AI edge devices require large-capacity nonvolatile
   compute-in-memory (nvCIM), with multibit input (IN), weight (W), and output
   (OUT) precision to support complex applications, high-energy efficiency
   (EF_{{\mathrm {MAC}}}), and short computing latency (t_{{\mathrm {AC}}}) for
   multiply-and-accumulate (MAC) operations.  Due to the low read-disturbfree
   voltage of nonvolatile memory (NVM) devices and the large parasitic load on
   the bitline, most existing Mb-level nvCIM macros use a current-mode read
   scheme [1-5] and only achieve a low IN-W precision (binary to 4b). © 2021
   IEEE.
ID energy efficiency; rram; battery powered; complex applications; current
   mode; high energy efficiency; multiply-and-accumulate operations;
   nonvolatile; nonvolatile memory devices; parasitic loads; green computing

---

UT 1018
AR Ajani TS, 2021, SENSORS, V21, DOI 10.3390/s21134412
TI An overview of machine learning within embedded and mobile devices-
   optimizations and applications
AU Ajani TS; Imoize AL; Atayero AA
TC 167
SO SENSORS
PY 2021
AB Embedded systems technology is undergoing a phase of transformation owing to
   the novel advancements in computer architecture and the breakthroughs in
   machine learning applications.  The areas of applications of embedded
   machine learning (EML) include accurate computer vision schemes, reliable
   speech recognition, innovative healthcare, robotics, and more.  However,
   there exists a critical drawback in the efficient implementation of ML
   algorithms targeting embedded applications.  Machine learning algorithms are
   generally computationally and memory intensive, making them unsuitable for
   resource-constrained environments such as embedded and mobile devices.  In
   order to efficiently implement these compute and memory-intensive algorithms
   within the embedded and mobile computing space, innovative optimization
   techniques are required at the algorithm and hardware levels.  To this end,
   this survey aims at exploring current research trends within this
   circumference.  First, we present a brief overview of compute intensive
   machine learning algorithms such as hidden Markov models (HMM), k-nearest
   neighbors (k-NNs), support vector machines (SVMs), Gaussian mixture models
   (GMMs), and deep neural networks (DNNs). Furthermore, we consider different
   optimization techniques currently adopted to squeeze these computational and
   memory-intensive algorithms within resource-limited embedded and mobile
   environments.  Additionally, we discuss the implementation of these
   algorithms in microcontroller units, mobile devices, and hardware
   accelerators.  Conclusively, we give a comprehensive overview of key
   application areas of EML technology, point out key research directions and
   highlight key take-away lessons for future research exploration in the
   embedded machine learning domain.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI,
   Basel, Switzerland.
DE computer architecture; deep learning; embedded computing systems; machine
   learning; mobile computing; mobile devices; optimization techniques; tinyml
ID algorithms; computers handheld; machine learning; neural networks computer;
   support vector machine; computer hardware; deep learning; deep neural
   networks; embedded systems; embeddings; hidden markov models; learning
   systems; medical computing; mhealth; nearest neighbor search; speech
   recognition; support vector machines; trellis codes; efficient
   implementation; embedded and mobile devices; gaussian mixture model ( gmms
   ); hardware accelerators; machine learning applications; microcontroller
   unit; optimization techniques; support vector machine ( svms ); algorithm;
   machine learning; personal digital assistant; support vector machine;
   learning algorithms

---

UT 1458
AR Ren H, 2021, PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS, V2021-July, DOI
   10.1109/IJCNN52387.2021.9533927
TI TinyOL: TinyML with Online-Learning on Microcontrollers
AU Ren H; Anicic D; A Runkler T
TC 141
SO PROC INT JT CONF NEURAL NETWORKS
PY 2021
AB Tiny machine learning (TinyML) is a fast-growing research area committed to
   democratizing deep learning for all-pervasive microcontrollers (MCUs).
   Challenged by the constraints on power, memory, and computation, TinyML has
   achieved significant advancement in the last few years.  However, the
   current TinyML solutions are based on batch/offline setting and support only
   the neural network's inference on MCUs.  The neural network is first trained
   using a large amount of pre-collected data on a powerful machine and then
   flashed to MCUs.  This results in a static model, hard to adapt to new data,
   and impossible to adjust for different scenarios, which impedes the
   flexibility of the Internet of Things (IoT). To address these problems, we
   propose a novel system called TinyOL (TinyML with Online-Learning), which
   enables incremental on-device training on streaming data.  TinyOL is based
   on the concept of online learning and is suitable for constrained IoT
   devices.  We experiment TinyOL under supervised and unsupervised setups
   using an autoencoder neural network.  Finally, we report the performance of
   the proposed solution and show its effectiveness and feasibility.  © 2021
   IEEE.
ID deep learning; e-learning; internet of things; learning systems; current;
   large amounts; machine learning; network inference; neural networks;
   offline; online learning; power; research areas; static modeling;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1049
AR Shafique M, 2021, PROC DES AUTOM CONF, V2021-December, P1303, DOI
   10.1109/DAC18074.2021.9586232
TI TinyML: Current Progress, Research Challenges, and Future Roadmap
AU Shafique M; Theocharides T; Reddy VJ; Murmann B
TC 115
SO PROC DES AUTOM CONF
PY 2021
AB TinyML: tiny in size, BIG in impact!This paper highlights the current
   progress, challenges and open research opportunities in the domain of
   tinyML, benchmarking, and emerging applications for Edge-AI. © 2021 IEEE.
DE benchmarking; deep learning; edge ai; machine learning; tinyml
ID deep learning; current; deep learning; edge ai; emerging applications;
   machine learning; research challenges; research opportunities; roadmap;
   tinyml; benchmarking

---

UT 1161
AR Liberis E, 2021, PROC WORK MACH LEARN SYST EUROMLSYS, P70, DOI
   10.1145/3437984.3458836
TI μnAS: Constrained Neural Architecture Search for Microcontrollers
AU Liberis E; Dudziak L; Lane ND
TC 95
SO PROC WORK MACH LEARN SYST EUROMLSYS
PY 2021
AB IoT devices are powered by microcontroller units (MCUs) which are extremely
   resource-scarce: a typical MCU may have an underpowered processor and around
   64 KB of memory and persistent storage.  Designing neural networks for such
   a platform requires an intricate balance between keeping high predictive
   performance (accuracy) while achieving low memory and storage usage and
   inference latency.  This is extremely challenging to achieve manually, so in
   this work, we build a neural architecture search (NAS) system, called μNAS,
   to automate the design of such small-yet-powerful MCU-level networks.  μNAS
   explicitly targets the three primary aspects of resource scarcity of MCUs:
   the size of RAM, persistent storage and processor speed.  μNAS represents a
   significant advance in resource-efficient models, especially for "mid-
   tier"MCUs with memory requirements ranging from 0.5 KB to 64 KB. We show
   that on a variety of image classification datasets μNAS is able to (a)
   improve top-1 classification accuracy by up to 4.8%, or (b) reduce memory
   footprint by 4-13×, or (c) reduce the number of multiply-accumulate
   operations by at least 2×, compared to existing MCU specialist literature
   and resource-efficient models.  μNAS is freely available for download at
   https://github.com/eliberis/uNAS  © 2021 ACM.
DE microcontrollers; nas; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); controllers; image enhancement;
   integrated circuit design; memory architecture; network architecture; random
   access storage; low memory; memory storage; microcontroller unit; neural
   architecture search; neural architectures; neural networks; persistent
   storage; predictive performance; resource-efficient; tinyml;
   microcontrollers

---

UT 1449
AR Ravaglia L, 2021, IEEE J EMERG SEL CIRCUITS SYST, V11, P789, DOI
   10.1109/JETCAS.2021.3121554
TI A TinyML Platform for On-Device Continual Learning with Quantized Latent
   Replays
AU Ravaglia L; Rusci M; Nadalini D; Capotondi A; Conti F; Benini L
TC 82
SO IEEE J EMERG SEL CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2021
AB In the last few years, research and development on Deep Learning models &
   techniques for ultra-low-power devices- in a word, TinyML - has mainly
   focused on a train-then-deploy assumption, with static models that cannot be
   adapted to newly collected data without cloud-based data collection and
   fine-tuning.  Latent Replay-based Continual Learning (CL) techniques
   (Pellegrini et al., 2020) enable online, serverless adaptation in principle,
   but so far they have still been too computation- and memory-hungry for
   ultra-low-power TinyML devices, which are typically based on
   microcontrollers.  In this work, we introduce a HW/SW platform for end-to-
   end CL based on a 10-core FP32 -enabled parallel ultra-low-power (PULP)
   processor.  We rethink the baseline Latent Replay CL algorithm, leveraging
   quantization of the frozen stage of the model and Latent Replays (LRs) to
   reduce their memory cost with minimal impact on accuracy.  In particular,
   8-bit compression of the LR memory proves to be almost lossless (-0.26% with
   3000LR) compared to the full-precision baseline implementation, but requires
   4times less memory, while 7-bit can also be used with an additional minimal
   accuracy degradation (up to 5%). We also introduce optimized primitives for
   forward and backward propagation on the PULP processor, together with data
   tiling strategies to fully exploit its memory hierarchy, while maximizing
   efficiency.  Our results show that by combining these techniques, continual
   learning can be achieved in practice using less than 64MB of memory - an
   amount compatible with embedding in TinyML devices.  On an advanced 22nm
   prototype of our platform, called VEGA, the proposed solution performs on
   average 65 times faster than a low-power STM32 L4 microcontroller, being
   37times more energy efficient - enough for a lifetime of 535h when learning
   a new mini-batch of data once every minute.  © 2011 IEEE.
DE continual learning; deep neural networks; microcontrollers; parallel ultra-
   low-power; tinyml
ID backpropagation; controllers; energy efficiency; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; parallel processing systems; program processors; continual
   learning; learning models; learning techniques; low power processors; low
   power devices; modeling techniques; parallel ultra-low-power; research and
   development; tinyml; ultra-low power; deep neural networks

---

UT 1092
AR Tsoukas V, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P69, DOI 10.1145/3503823.3503836
TI A Review of Machine Learning and TinyML in Healthcare
AU Tsoukas V; Boumpa E; Giannakas G; Kakarountas A
TC 73
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB Healthcare is the field that can benefit from the large amount of raw data
   generated from portable and wearable devices.  This data must be sent to the
   Cloud for processing due to the computationally intensive nature of current
   state-of-the-art implementations of Neural Networks.  The emerging
   technology of TinyML is an alternative approach proposed by the scientific
   community to create autonomous and safe devices that can collect, process,
   and alert without transmitting data to external entities.  This work is the
   review of the contribution of the emerging technology of TinyML in
   healthcare applications at the edge, requiring the integration of Machine
   Learning algorithms, followed by the solutions it can bring, especially in
   wearable devices.  Moreover, it is discussed how TinyML can optimize Neural
   Networks to bring intelligence and autonomy in devices used in fields such
   as healthcare.  © 2021 ACM.
DE embedded systems; healthcare; machine learning; neural networks; tinyml
ID healthcare; learning algorithms; machine learning; wearable technology;
   current; embedded-system; emerging technologies; large amounts; machine
   learning; neural networks; portable device; state of the art; tinyml;
   wearable devices; embedded systems

---

UT 1418
AR Signoretti G, 2021, SENSORS, V21, DOI 10.3390/s21124153
TI An evolving tinyml compression algorithm for iot environments based on data
   eccentricity
AU Signoretti G; Silva M; Andrade P; Silva I; Sisinni E; Ferrari P
TC 70
SO SENSORS
PY 2021
AB Currently, the applications of the Internet of Things (IoT) generate a large
   amount of sensor data at a very high pace, making it a challenge to collect
   and store the data.  This scenario brings about the need for effective data
   compression algorithms to make the data manageable among tiny and battery-
   powered devices and, more importantly, shareable across the network.
   Additionally, considering that, very often, wireless communications (e.g.,
   low-power wide-area networks) are adopted to connect field devices, user
   payload compression can also provide benefits derived from better spectrum
   usage, which in turn can result in advantages for high-density application
   scenarios.  As a result of this increase in the number of connected devices,
   a new concept has emerged, called TinyML. It enables the use of machine
   learning on tiny, computationally restrained devices.  This allows
   intelligent devices to analyze and interpret data locally and in real time.
   Therefore, this work presents a new data compression solution (algorithm)
   for the IoT that leverages the TinyML perspective.  The new approach is
   called the Tiny Anomaly Compressor (TAC) and is based on data eccentricity.
   TAC does not require previously established mathematical models or any
   assumptions about the underlying data distribution.  In order to test the
   effectiveness of the proposed solution and validate it, a comparative
   analysis was performed on two real-world datasets with two other algorithms
   from the literature (namely Swing Door Trending (SDT) and the Discrete
   Cosine Transform (DCT)). It was found that the TAC algorithm showed
   promising results, achieving a maximum compression rate of 98.33%.
   Additionally, it also surpassed the two other models regarding the
   compression error and peak signal-to-noise ratio in all cases.  © 2021 by
   the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE eccentricity; evolving algorithm; internet of things; lpwan; online data
   compression; tinyml
ID data compression; discrete cosine transforms; image coding; low power
   electronics; signal to noise ratio; wide area networks; battery powered
   devices; compression algorithms; data compression algorithms; discrete
   cosine transform ( dct ); high-density applications; internet of thing ( iot
   ); peak signal to noise ratio; wireless communications; algorithm; article;
   comparative effectiveness; data compression; discrete cosine transform;
   internet of things; machine learning; signal noise ratio; internet of things

---

UT 1345
AR Sudharsan B, 2021, IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT, P883, DOI
   10.1109/WF-IoT51360.2021.9595024
TI TinyML Benchmark: Executing Fully Connected Neural Networks on Commodity
   Microcontrollers
AU Sudharsan B; Salerno S; Nguyen D-D; Yahya M; Wahid A; Yadav P; Breslin JG;
   Ali MI
TC 56
SO IEEE WORLD FORUM INTERNET THINGS WF-IOT
PY 2021
AB Recent advancements in the field of ultra-low-power machine learning
   (TinyML) promises to unlock an entirely new class of edge applications.
   However, continued progress is restrained by the lack of benchmarking
   Machine Learning (ML) models on TinyML hardware, which is fundamental to
   this field reaching maturity.  In this paper, we designed 3 types of fully
   connected Neural Networks (NNs), trained each NN using 10 datasets (produces
   30 NNs), and present the benchmark by reporting the onboard model
   performance on 7 popular MCU-boards (similar boards are used to design
   TinyML hardware). We open-sourced and made the complete benchmark results
   freely available online1 to enable the TinyML community researchers and
   developers to systematically compare, evaluate, and improve various aspects
   during the design phase of ML-powered IoT hardware.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE edge intelligence; iot devices; offline inference
ID benchmarking; machine learning; microcontrollers; design phase; edge
   intelligence; fully connected neural network; iot device; machine learning
   models; modeling performance; neural networks; offline; offline inference;
   ultra-low power; internet of things

---

UT 1093
AR Mohan P, 2021, LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG, V756 LNEE, P657, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-16-0749-3_52
TI A tiny cnn architecture for medical face mask detection for resource-
   constrained endpoints
AU Mohan P; Paul AJ; Chirania A
TC 53
SO LECT NOTES ELECTR ENG
PY 2021
AB The world is going through one of the most dangerous pandemics of all time
   with the rapid spread of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). According to the
   World Health Organization, the most effective way to thwart the transmission
   of coronavirus is to wear medical face masks.  Monitoring the use of face
   masks in public places has been a challenge because manual monitoring could
   be unsafe.  This paper proposes an architecture for detecting medical face
   masks for deployment on resource-constrained endpoints having extremely low
   memory footprints.  A small development board with an ARM Cortex-M7
   microcontroller clocked at 480 MHz and having just 496 KB of framebuffer RAM
   has been used for the deployment of the model.  Using the TensorFlow-Lite
   framework, the model is quantized to further reduce its size.  The proposed
   model is 138 KB post-quantization and runs at the inference speed of 30 FPS.
   © The Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte
   Ltd.  2021.
DE arm cortex-m7; covid-19; edge computing; face mask detection; quantization;
   squeezenet; tinyml
ID random access storage; arm cortices; coronaviruses; face masks; framebuffer;
   low memory; manual monitoring; public places; world health organization;
   face recognition

---

UT 1478
AR De Prado M, 2021, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2021-May, DOI
   10.3390/s21041339
TI Robustifying the deployment of tinyML models for autonomous mini-vehicles
AU De Prado M; Rusci M; Donze R; Capotondi A; Monnerat S; Benini L; Pazos N
TC 51
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2021
AB Standard-size autonomous navigation vehicles have rapidly improved thanks to
   the breakthroughs of deep learning.  However, scaling autonomous driving to
   low-power systems deployed on dynamic environments poses several challenges
   that prevent their adoption.  To address them, we propose a closed-loop
   learning flow for autonomous driving mini-vehicles that includes the target
   environment in-the-loop.  We leverage a family of compact and high-
   throughput tinyCNNs to control the mini-vehicle, which learn in the target
   environment by imitating a computer vision algorithm, i.e., the expert.
   Thus, the tinyCNNs, having only access to an on-board fast-rate linear
   camera, gain robustness to lighting conditions and improve over time.
   Further, we leverage GAP8, a parallel ultra-low-power RISC-V SoC, to meet
   the inference requirements.  When running the family of CNNs, our GAP8's
   solution outperforms any other implementation on the STM32L4 and NXP k64f
   (Cortex-M4), reducing the latency by over 13x and the energy consummation by
   92%. © 2021 IEEE
DE autonomous driving; robustness and microcontrollers; tinyml
ID deep learning; ieee standards; system-on-chip; energy utilization;
   microcontrollers; miniature automobiles; storage as a service ( staas );
   autonomous driving; autonomous navigation vehicles; low power systems;
   microcontroller; mini vehicles; on dynamics; robustness and microcontroller;
   scalings; standard size; tinyml; closed loop learning; computer vision
   algorithms; computing capability; dynamic environments; lighting conditions;
   microcontroller units; real-time inference; underlying distribution;
   autonomous vehicles

---

UT 1041
AR Raza W, 2021, DRONES, V5, DOI 10.3390/drones5040127
TI Energy-efficient inference on the edge exploiting tinyml capabilities for
   uavs
AU Raza W; Osman A; Ferrini F; De Natale F
TC 49
SO DRONES
PY 2021
AB In recent years, the proliferation of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) has
   increased dramatically.  UAVs can accomplish complex or dangerous tasks in a
   reliable and cost-effective way but are still limited by power consumption
   problems, which pose serious constraints on the flight duration and
   completion of energy-demanding tasks.  The possibility of providing UAVs
   with advanced decision-making capabilities in an energy-effective way would
   be extremely beneficial.  In this paper, we propose a practical solution to
   this problem that exploits deep learning on the edge.  The developed system
   integrates an OpenMV microcontroller into a DJI Tello Micro Aerial Vehicle
   (MAV). The microcontroller hosts a set of machine learning-enabled inference
   tools that cooperate to control the navigation of the drone and complete a
   given mission objective.  The goal of this approach is to leverage the new
   opportunistic features of TinyML through OpenMV including offline inference,
   low latency, energy efficiency, and data security.  The approach is
   successfully validated on a practical application consisting of the onboard
   detection of people wearing protection masks in a crowded environment.  ©
   2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE deep learning; edge computing; energy efficiency; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; tinyml; uavs
ID adversarial machine learning; deep learning; microcontrollers; network
   security; aerial vehicle; cost effective; deep learning; edge computing;
   energy; energy efficient; machine learning; power; tinyml; unmanned aerial
   vehicle; micro air vehicle ( mav )

---

UT 1394
AR Andrade P, 2021, IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC,
   P642, DOI 10.1109/MetroInd4.0IoT51437.2021.9488546
TI An unsupervised TinyML approach applied for pavement anomalies detection
   under the internet of intelligent vehicles
AU Andrade P; Silva I; Signoretti G; Silva M; Dias J; Marques L; Costa DG
TC 49
SO IEEE INT WORK METROL IND 40 IOT METROIND 40 IOT - PROC
PY 2021
AB Vehicles have been endowed with new technologies in the last years, mostly
   influenced by an increasing in the instrumentation level and availability of
   smart devices for embedded processing.  In this scenario, which has paved
   the way for the construction of Internet of Intelligent Vehicles, the edge
   computing paradigm emerges with the primary role to promote the processing
   of raw data streams in their early stages, as close as possible to their
   origins.  Therefore, this paper proposes the processing of data streams
   based on an unsupervised tiny machine learning approach to detect anomalies
   on the roads, exploiting for that a microcontroller and an embedded
   accelerometer on vehicles.  The obtained results through real experiments
   were promising: the f1 score mean was 0.76 for the first driver and 0.78 for
   the second.  This indicates that the classifier model reached significant
   performance in the defined scenarios.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE anomalies detection; edge computing; internet of intelligent vehicles;
   tinyml; unsupervised machine learning; vehicles
ID anomaly detection; data streams; industry 40; intelligent vehicle highway
   systems; vehicles; classifier models; computing paradigm; embedded
   processing; f1 scores; instrumentation level; machine learning approaches;
   smart devices; internet of things

---

UT 1222
AR Sanchez-Iborra R, 2021, SENSORS, V21, DOI 10.3390/s21155218
TI Lpwan and embedded machine learning as enablers for the next generation of
   wearable devices
AU Sanchez-Iborra R
TC 43
SO SENSORS
PY 2021
AB The penetration of wearable devices in our daily lives is unstoppable.
   Although they are very popular, so far, these elements provide a limited
   range of services that are mostly focused on monitoring tasks such as
   fitness, activity, or health tracking.  Besides, given their hardware and
   power constraints, wearable units are dependent on a master device, e.g., a
   smartphone, to make decisions or send the collected data to the cloud.
   However, a new wave of both communication and artificial intelligence
   (AI)-based technologies fuels the evolution of wearables to an upper level.
   Concretely, they are the low-power wide-area network (LPWAN) and tiny
   machine-learning (TinyML) technologies.  This paper reviews and discusses
   these solutions, and explores the major implications and challenges of this
   technological transformation.  Finally, the results of an experimental study
   are presented, analyzing (i) the long-range connectivity gained by a
   wearable device in a university campus scenario, thanks to the integration
   of LPWAN communications, and (ii) how complex the intelligence embedded in
   this wearable unit can be.  This study shows the interesting characteristics
   brought by these state-of-the-art paradigms, concluding that a wide variety
   of novel services and applications will be supported by the next generation
   of wearables.  © 2021 by the author.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE lorawan; lpwan; machine learning; tinyml; wearables
ID artificial intelligence; exercise; humans; machine learning; smartphone;
   wearable electronic devices; embeddings; low power electronics; machine
   learning; wide area networks; embedded machines; long-range connectivities;
   monitoring tasks; power constraints; services and applications; state of the
   art; university campus; wearable devices; artificial intelligence;
   electronic device; exercise; human; machine learning; smartphone; wearable
   technology

---

UT 1367
AR Padhi PK, 2021, APPL SYST INNOV, V4, DOI 10.3390/asi4030066
TI 6g enabled tactile internet and cognitive internet of healthcare everything:
   Towards a theoretical framework
AU Padhi PK; Charrua-Santos F
TC 42
SO APPL SYST INNOV
PY 2021
AB Digital era deficiencies traditionally exist in healthcare applications
   because of the unbalanced distribution of medical resources, especially in
   rural areas globally.  Cognitive data intelligence, which constitute the
   integration of cognitive computing, massive data analytics, and tiny
   artificial intelligence, especially tiny machine learning, can be used to
   palpate a patient’s health status, physiologically and psychologically
   transforming the current healthcare system.  To remotely detect patients’
   emotional state of diagnosing diseases, the integration of 6G enabled
   Tactile Internet, cognitive data intelligence, and Internet of Healthcare
   Everything is proposed to form the 6GCIoHE system that aims at achieving
   global ubiquitous accessibility, extremely low latency, high reliability,
   and elevated performance in cognitive healthcare in real time to ensure
   patients receive prompt treatment, especially for the haptic actions.
   Judiciously, a model-driven methodology is proffered to facilitate the
   6GCIoHE system design and development that adopts different refinement
   levels to incorporate the cognitive healthcare requirements through the
   interactions of semantic management, process management, cognitive
   intelligence capabilities, and knowledge sources.  Based on the 6GCIoHE
   system architecture, applications, and challenges, the aim of this study was
   accomplished by developing a novel theoretical framework to captivate
   further research within the cognitive healthcare field.  © 2021 by the
   authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE 6gciohe theoretical framework; cognitive data intelligence; cognitive
   healthcare; tiny machine learning

---

UT 1260
AR Bian S, 2021, UBICOMP/ISWC - ADJUN PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE UBIQUITOUS
   COMPUT PROC ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT, P54, DOI 10.1145/3460418.3479287
TI Capacitive Sensing Based On-board Hand Gesture Recognition with TinyML
AU Bian S; Lukowicz P
TC 39
SO UBICOMP/ISWC - ADJUN PROC ACM INT JT CONF PERVASIVE UBIQUITOUS COMPUT PROC
   ACM INT SYMP WEARABLE COMPUT
PY 2021
AB Although hand gesture recognition has been widely explored with sensing
   modalities like IMU, electromyography and camera, it is still a challenge of
   those modalities to provide a compact, power-efficient on-board inferencing
   solution.  In this work, we present a capacitive-sensing wristband
   surrounded by four single-end electrodes for on-board hand gesture
   recognition.  By deploying a single convolutional hidden layer as the
   classifier at the sensing edge, the wristband can recognize seven hand
   gestures from a single user with an accuracy of 96.4%. © 2021 Owner/Author.
DE capacitive sensing; edge computing; hand gesture recognition; human computer
   interaction; tinyml
ID edge computing; gesture recognition; internet of things; palmprint
   recognition; capacitive sensing; edge computing; hand gesture; hand gesture
   recognition; hidden layers; power efficient; sensing modalities; single
   ends; single users; tinyml; human computer interaction

---

UT 1069
AR Dutta A, 2021, INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN MECHATRONICS ENG ICECCME, DOI
   10.1109/ICECCME52200.2021.9590959
TI Implementation of cyber threat intelligence platform on internet of things
   (IoT) using TinyML approach for deceiving cyber invasion
AU Dutta A; Kant S
TC 31
SO INT CONF ELECTR COMPUT COMMUN MECHATRONICS ENG ICECCME
PY 2021
AB In recent past years' application of Internet of Things (IoT) technology has
   been radically enhanced in various domain across the sphere.  Due to less
   computational capabilities and nonapplicability of conventional security
   protocol, both wired or wireless communication channel of IoT devices are
   facing major security issues and challenges in cyber security landscape.
   Enforcement of upgraded Tactics, Technology and Procedure (TTPs) by the
   modern cyber criminals turns the traditional signature based threat
   detection mechanism inefficient for implementation of resilient as well as
   comprehensive security measures in IoT artifacts.  In this backdrop,
   integration of Cyber Threat Intelligence (CTI) platform and machine learning
   approach [1], with the conventional security mechanism assists us to develop
   an effective, robust and secure framework for the smart devices to combat
   all current and futuristic security concerns and develop an automated,
   responsive security architecture pertaining to the IoT devices.  This paper
   focuses on the various security issues and challenges along with layer wise
   security protocols applicable for the IoT devices.  Furthermore, author
   designed a TinyML based framework using Tensorflow module, amalgamated with
   CTI platform for predicting potential threat propagated to the smart devices
   employing Naïve Bayes supervised ML classifier and the final solution is
   predicting threat accurately 96.8% and 96.3% for training and test dataset
   respectively.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; cyber threat intelligence; internet of things ( iot
   ); machine learning
ID classification ( of information ); cybersecurity; machine learning; network
   security; statistical tests; cybe threat intelligence; cyber threats;
   internet of thing; internet of things technologies; issues and challenges;
   machine learning; security challenges; security issues; security protocols;
   smart devices; internet of things

---

UT 1206
AR Burrello A, 2021, IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS, DOI
   10.1109/COINS51742.2021.9524173
TI A Microcontroller is All You Need: Enabling Transformer Execution on Low-
   Power IoT Endnodes
AU Burrello A; Scherer M; Zanghieri M; Conti F; Benini L
TC 30
SO IEEE INT CONF OMNI-LAYER INTELL SYST COINS
PY 2021
AB Transformer networks have become state-of-The-Art for many tasks such as NLP
   and are closing the gap on other tasks like image recognition.  Similarly,
   Transformers and Attention methods are starting to attract attention on
   smaller-scale tasks, which fit the typical memory envelope of MCUs.  In this
   work, we propose a new set of execution kernels tuned for efficient
   execution on MCU-class RISC-V and ARM Cortex-M cores.  We focus on
   minimizing memory movements while maximizing data reuse in the Attention
   layers.  With our library, we obtain 3.4×, 1.8×, and 2.1× lower latency and
   energy on 8-bit Attention layers, compared to previous state-of-The-Art
   (SoA) linear and matrix multiplication kernels in the CMSIS-NN and PULP-NN
   libraries on the STM32H7 (Cortex M7), STM32L4 (Cortex M4), and GAP8 (RISC-V
   IMC-Xpulp) platforms, respectively.  As a use case for our TinyTransformer
   library, we also demonstrate that we can fit a 263 kB Transformer on the
   GAP8 platform, outperforming the previous SoA convolutional architecture on
   the TinyRadarNN dataset, with a latency of 9.24 ms and 0.47 mJ energy
   consumption and an accuracy improvement of 3.5%. © 2021 IEEE.
DE deep learning; internet of things; tinyml; transformers
ID deep learning; energy utilization; image recognition; microcontrollers;
   cortexes; data reuse; deep learning; low latency; low power; lower energies;
   small scale; state of the art; tinyml; transformer; internet of things

---

UT 1030
AR Campolo C, 2021, J SENS ACTUATOR NETW, V10, DOI 10.3390/jsan10010013
TI Virtualizing ai at the distributed edge towards intelligent iot applications
AU Campolo C; Genovese G; Iera A; Molinaro A
TC 28
SO J SENS ACTUATOR NETW
PY 2021
AB Several Internet of Things (IoT) applications are booming which rely on
   advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and, in particular, machine learning
   (ML) algorithms to assist the users and make decisions on their behalf in a
   large variety of contexts, such as smart homes, smart cities, smart
   factories.  Although the traditional approach is to deploy such compute-
   intensive algorithms into the centralized cloud, the recent proliferation of
   low-cost, AI-powered microcontrollers and consumer devices paves the way for
   having the intelligence pervasively spread along the cloud-to-things
   continuum.  The take off of such a promising vision may be hurdled by the
   resource constraints of IoT devices and by the heterogeneity of (mostly
   proprietary) AI-embedded software and hardware platforms.  In this paper, we
   propose a solution for the AI distributed deployment at the deep edge, which
   lays its foundation in the IoT virtualization concept.  We design a
   virtualization layer hosted at the network edge that is in charge of the
   semantic description of AI-embedded IoT devices, and, hence, it can expose
   as well as augment their cognitive capabilities in order to feed intelligent
   IoT applications.  The proposal has been mainly devised with the twofold aim
   of (i) relieving the pressure on constrained devices that are solicited by
   multiple parties interested in accessing their generated data and inference,
   and (ii) and targeting interoperability among AI-powered platforms.  A
   Proof-of-Concept (PoC) is provided to showcase the viability and advantages
   of the proposed solution.  © 2021 by the authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel,
   Switzerland.
DE 6g; artificial intelligence; edge ai; edge computing; internet of things;
   tinyml; virtualization

---

UT 1288
AR Ooko SO/1, 2021, IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/GCWkshps52748.2021.9682107
TI TinyML in Africa: Opportunities and Challenges
AU Ooko SO/1; Muyonga Ogore M; Nsenga J; Zennaro M
TC 27
SO IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC
PY 2021
AB The integration of Internet of Things (IoT) and Machine Learning (ML) is
   driving the emergence of TinyML, a subset of ML for which models are
   constrained to be executed on low resource embedded devices.  Currently,
   most IoT applications in Africa are based on cloud-centric architecture
   making it difficult to enjoy ML-driven intelligence due to connectivity,
   energy, and cost challenges making tinyML an ideal solution to such
   challenges.  This paper presents an introduction to TinyML and discusses its
   general applications, solutions to concerns on the impact of Artificial
   Intelligence (AI) in the achievement of the sustainable development goals
   (SDGs), and the Information Technology for Development (ICT4D) TinyML
   technology requirements.  TinyML applications classifications are
   highlighted with specific examples from Africa.  Different challenges for
   the adoption of tinyML in Africa have also been presented with the
   opportunities that can arise from such challenges being shown.  This paper
   shows how tinyML has great potential in Africa where the use of Embedded
   systems and AI is still underexploited.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE tinyml; tinyml and ict4d; tinyml and sdgs; tinyml applications; tinyml in
   africa
ID artificial intelligence; embedded systems; embedded device; energy and cost;
   general applications; ideal solutions; machine learning; tinyml; tinyml and
   ict4d; tinyml and sustainable development goal; tinyml application; tinyml
   in africa; internet of things

---

UT 1117
AR Navaas Roshan A, 2021, INT CONF WIREL COMMUN SIGNAL PROCESS NETW WISPNET,
   P451, DOI 10.1109/WiSPNET51692.2021.9419472
TI Adaptive Traffic Control with TinyML
AU Navaas Roshan A; Gokulapriyan B; Siddarth C; Kokil P
TC 26
SO INT CONF WIREL COMMUN SIGNAL PROCESS NETW WISPNET
PY 2021
AB Automatic traffic scheduling can improve the efficiency of the traffic
   system by decreasing significant delays and easing congestion.  This paper
   introduces a machine learning (ML) based algorithm to automate the traffic
   scheduling based on the density of vehicles waiting, without any human
   intervention.  Presently, the traffic signal timers are preset which is
   unreasonable for a stochastic process like vehicular traffic.  The proposed
   methodology detects vehicles with piezoelectric sensors embedded across each
   lane.  The two-point time ratio method is utilized to identify the vehicles
   using the sensor's data and the vehicles are classified based on their pick-
   up speed.  Further, a TinyML based model is proposed to predict the green
   signal timings.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE adaptive traffic control; machine learning; microcontroller; sensors; tinyml
ID machine learning; random processes; scheduling; signal processing;
   stochastic systems; traffic signals; turing machines; vehicles; adaptive
   traffic control; human intervention; piezoelectric sensors; signal timing;
   time ratio; traffic scheduling; traffic systems; two-point; traffic
   congestion

---

UT 1245
AR Kwon J, 2021, APPL SCI, V11, DOI 10.3390/app112211073
TI Hardware/software co-design for tinyml voice-recognition application on
   resource frugal edge devices
AU Kwon J; Park D/1
TC 25
SO APPL SCI
PY 2021
AB On-device artificial intelligence has attracted attention globally, and
   attempts to combine the internet of things and TinyML (machine learning)
   applications are increasing.  Although most edge devices have limited
   resources, time and energy costs are important when running TinyML
   applications.  In this paper, we propose a structure in which the part that
   preprocesses externally input data in the TinyML application is distributed
   to the hardware.  These processes are performed using software in the
   microcontroller unit of an edge device.  Furthermore, resistor–transistor
   logic, which perform not only windowing using the Hann function, but also
   acquire audio raw data, is added to the inter-integrated circuit sound
   module that collects audio data in the voice-recognition application.  As a
   result of the experiment, the windowing function was excluded from the
   TinyML application of the embedded board.  When the length of the hardware-
   implemented Hann window is 80 and the quantization degree is 2−5, the
   exclusion causes a decrease in the execution time of the front-end function
   and energy consumption by 8.06% and 3.27%, respectively.  © 2021 by the
   authors.  Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
DE embedded-system; field programmable gate array ( fpga ); inter-ic sound (
   i2s ); microcontroller unit ( mcu ); tinyml; voice recognition

---

UT 1155
AR Shafique M, 2021, IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD,
   V2021-November, DOI 10.1109/ICCAD51958.2021.9643539
TI Towards Energy-Efficient and Secure Edge AI: A Cross-Layer Framework
AU Shafique M; Marchisio A; Putra RVW; Hanif MA
TC 22
SO IEEE ACM INT CONF COMPUT DES DIG TECH PAP ICCAD
PY 2021
AB The security and privacy concerns along with the amount of data that is
   required to be processed on regular basis has pushed processing to the edge
   of the computing systems.  Deploying advanced Neural Networks (NN), such as
   deep neural networks (DNNs) and spiking neural networks (SNNs), that offer
   state-of-the-art results on resource-constrained edge devices is challenging
   due to the stringent memory and power/energy constraints.  Moreover, these
   systems are required to maintain correct functionality under diverse
   security and reliability threats.  This paper first discusses existing
   approaches to address energy efficiency, reliability, and security issues at
   different system layers, i.e., hardware (HW) and software (SW). Afterward,
   we discuss how to further improve the performance (latency) and the energy
   efficiency of Edge AI systems through HW/SW-level optimizations, such as
   pruning, quantization, and approximation.  To address reliability threats
   (like permanent and transient faults), we highlight cost-effective
   mitigation techniques, like fault-aware training and mapping.  Moreover, we
   briefly discuss effective detection and protection techniques to address
   security threats (like model and data corruption). Towards the end, we
   discuss how these techniques can be combined in an integrated cross-layer
   framework for realizing robust and energy-efficient Edge AI systems.  ©2021
   IEEE
DE accuracy; artificial intelligence; deep neural networks; edge ai; edge
   computing; energy efficiency; latency; machine learning; reliability;
   robustness; security; spiking neural networks; tinyml
ID cost effectiveness; deep neural networks; edge computing; multilayer neural
   networks; network security; software reliability; accuracy; edge ai; edge
   computing; energy efficient; latency; neural networks; robustness; security;
   spiking neural network; tinyml; energy efficiency

---

UT 1389
AR Ren H, 2021, DEBS - PROC ACM INT CONF DISTRIB EVENT-BASED SYST, P126, DOI
   10.1145/3465480.3466928
TI The synergy of complex event processing and tiny machine learning in
   industrial IoT
AU Ren H; Anicic D; A Runkler T
TC 21
SO DEBS - PROC ACM INT CONF DISTRIB EVENT-BASED SYST
PY 2021
AB Focusing on comprehensive networking, the Industrial Internet-of-Things
   (IIoT) facilitates efficiency and robustness in factory operations.  Various
   intelligent sensors play a central role, as they generate a vast amount of
   real-time data that can provide insights into manufacturing.  Complex event
   processing (CEP) and machine learning (ML) have been developed actively in
   the last years in IIoT to identify patterns in heterogeneous data streams
   and fuse raw data into tangible facts.  In a traditional compute-centric
   paradigm, the raw field data are continuously sent to the cloud and
   processed centrally.  As IIoT devices become increasingly pervasive,
   concerns are raised since transmitting such an amount of data is energy-
   intensive, vulnerable to be intercepted, and subjected to high latency.
   Decentralized on-device ML and CEP provide a solution where data is
   processed primarily on edge devices.  Thus communications can be minimized.
   However, this is no mean feat because most IIoT edge devices are resource-
   constrained with low power consumption.  This paper proposes a framework
   that exploits ML and CEP's synergy at the edge in distributed sensor
   networks.  By leveraging tiny ML and μCEP, we now shift the computation from
   the cloud to the resource-constrained IIoT devices and allow users to adapt
   on-device ML models and CEP reasoning rules flexibly on the fly.  Lastly, we
   demonstrate the proposed solution and show its effectiveness and feasibility
   using an industrial use case of machine safety monitoring.  © 2021 ACM.
DE complex event processing; industrial iot; tiny machine learning
ID accident prevention; complex networks; data streams; machine learning;
   sensor networks; software architecture; complex event processing; complex
   event processing ( cep ); distributed sensor networks; heterogeneous data;
   industrial use case; intelligent sensors; low power consumption; reasoning
   rules; industrial internet of things ( iiot )

---

UT 1426
AR Ooko SO/1, 2021, IEEE JORDAN INT JT CONF ELECTR ENG TECHNOL JEEIT - PROC,
   P89, DOI 10.1109/JEEIT53412.2021.9634140
TI Edge AI-based Respiratory Disease Recognition from Exhaled Breath Signatures
AU Ooko SO/1; Mukanyiligira D; Munyampundu JP; Nsenga J
TC 18
SO IEEE JORDAN INT JT CONF ELECTR ENG TECHNOL JEEIT - PROC
PY 2021
AB Every year, about 4 million people die from respiratory diseases.  While
   early prediction would reduce this mortality rate, till now diagnosis is
   only done at hospitals involving costly diagnosis resources and scarce
   healthcare professionals.  Ideally, regular noninvasive breath analysis
   check-ups at home would allow us to anticipate medical consultation.
   Considering developing country's contexts, existing commercial portable
   diagnosis kits under proprietary licenses are expensive and require internet
   connectivity to work.  The study aimed to investigate the possibility of
   detecting respiratory diseases using edge AI. Thanks to recent advances in
   open source edge AI frameworks, this study presents a prototyping design of
   an offline STM32 based portable kit locally embedding a tiny Machine
   Learning (TinyML) trained model to predict respiratory disease.  Evaluated
   on an open dataset of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), the
   resulting real-time requirements of our edge AI model is 15.9 Kb of ROM and
   1.5 Kb RAM and performs the inference in 1 ms.  Results also show that the
   accuracy and peak memory for the model are affected by preprocessing, type
   of sensors and the number of sensors.  In addition to the early detection of
   respiratory diseases, the proposed solution will be of great value in the
   process of mass collection of exhaled breath data to enable the training of
   efficient AI models for respiratory diseases.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE breathomics; copd; edge ai; embedded ml; respiratory diseases; tinyml
ID developing countries; pulmonary diseases; random access storage; breathomic;
   chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; early prediction; edge ai; embedded
   ml; exhaled breaths; healthcare professionals; machine learning; mortality
   rate; tiny machine learning; diagnosis

---

UT 1159
AR Tjonck K, 2021, INT SCI CONF ELECTRON - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ET52713.2021.9579991
TI Real-Time Activity Tracking using TinyML to Support Elderly Care
AU Tjonck K; Kancharla CR; Vankeirsbilck J; Hallez H; Boydens J; Pang B
TC 17
SO INT SCI CONF ELECTRON - PROC
PY 2021
AB A vast majority of nursing home residents suffer from health issues such as
   incontinence, night wandering and pressure ulcers.  The workload of nurses
   is noticeably increasing because of these problems.  Previous research has
   shown that many of these complaints can be associated with specific
   movements in bed.  This paper proposes the usage of accelerometer sensors in
   a non-invasive manner to detect these movements.  Using deep learning on the
   edge, the discussed method provides immediate feedback to nurses to assist
   them with their care tasks.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE bluetooth low energy; convolutional neural network; edge computing; edge
   impulse; tinyml
ID convolutional neural networks; deep learning; low power electronics;
   nursing; activity tracking; bluetooth low energy; convolutional neural
   network; edge computing; edge impulse; elderly care; lower energies; nursing
   homes; real- time; tinyml; edge computing

---

UT 1027
AR Polonelli T, 2021, PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2021-May, DOI
   10.1109/ISCAS51556.2021.9401362
TI H-Watch: An open, connected platform for AI-enhanced CoViD19 infection
   symptoms monitoring and contact tracing.
AU Polonelli T; Schulthess L; Mayer P; Magno M; Benini L
TC 16
SO PROC IEEE INT SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2021
AB The novel COVID-19 disease has been declared a pandemic event.  Early
   detection of infection symptoms and contact tracing are playing a vital role
   in containing COVID-19 spread.  As demonstrated by recent literature, multi-
   sensor and connected wearable devices might enable symptom detection and
   help tracing contacts, while also acquiring useful epidemiological
   information.  This paper presents the design and implementation of a fully
   open-source wearable platform called H-Watch.  It has been designed to
   include several sensors for COVID-19 early detection, multi-radio for
   wireless transmission and tracking, a microcontroller for processing data
   on-board, and finally, an energy harvester to extend the battery lifetime.
   Experimental results demonstrated only 5.9 mW of average power consumption,
   leading to a lifetime of 9 days on a small watch battery.  Finally, all the
   hardware and the software, including a machine learning on MCU toolkit, are
   provided open-source, allowing the research community to build and use the
   H-Watch.  © 2021 IEEE
DE covid-19; low power design; smart sensors; tiny machine learning; wearable
   device; wireless sensors networks
ID data handling; electric batteries; open source software; open systems; radio
   transmission; turing machines; watches; wearable computers; battery
   lifetime; contact tracing; design and implementations; energy harvester;
   research communities; symptom detections; wearable devices; wireless
   transmissions; wearable sensors

---

UT 1402
AR Sudharsan B, 2021, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SERV COMPUT SCC, P319, DOI
   10.1109/SCC53864.2021.00045
TI An SRAM Optimized Approach for Constant Memory Consumption and Ultra-fast
   Execution of ML Classifiers on TinyML Hardware
AU Sudharsan B; Yadav P; Breslin JG; Ali MI
TC 16
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SERV COMPUT SCC
PY 2021
AB With the introduction of ultra-low-power machine learning (TinyML), IoT
   devices are becoming smarter as they are driven by Machine Learning (ML)
   models.  However, any increase in the training data results in a linear
   increase in the space complexity of the ML models.  It is highly challenging
   to deploy such ML models on IoT devices with limited memory (TinyML
   hardware). To alleviate such memory issues, in this paper, we present an
   SRAM-optimized classifier porting, stitching, and efficient deployment
   approach.  The proposed method enables large classifiers to be comfortably
   executed on microcontroller unit (MCU) based IoT devices and perform ultra-
   fast classifications while consuming 0 bytes of SRAM. We tested our SRAM
   optimized approach by utilizing it to port and execute 7 dataset-trained
   classifiers on 7 popular MCU boards, and report their inference time and
   memory (Flash and SRAM) consumption.  It is apparent from the experimental
   results that; (i) the classifiers ported using our proposed approach are of
   varied sizes but have constant SRAM consumption.  Thus, the approach enabled
   the deployment of larger ML classifier models even on tiny Atmega328P MCU-
   based Arduino Nano, which has only 8 kB SRAM; (ii) even the resource-
   constrained 8-bit MCUs performed faster unit inference (in less than a
   millisecond) than a NVIDIA Jetson Nano GPU and Raspberry Pi 4 CPU; (iii) the
   majority of models produced 1-4x times faster inference results in
   comparison with the models ported by the sklearn-porter, m2cgen, and emlearn
   libraries.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE classifiers porting; iot devices; microcontrollers; offline inference; sram
   optimization; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); flash memory; internet of things; machine
   learning; static random access storage; classifier porting; iot device;
   machine learning models; microcontroller unit; offline; offline inference;
   optimizations; sram optimization; tinyml; ultra-fast; microcontrollers

---

UT 1162
AR Waqar DM, 2021, IEEE INT CONF SMART INSTRUM MEAS APPL ICSIMA, P64, DOI
   10.1109/ICSIMA50015.2021.9526323
TI Design of a Speech Anger Recognition System on Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense
AU Waqar DM; Gunawan TS; Morshidi MA; Kartiwi M
TC 14
SO IEEE INT CONF SMART INSTRUM MEAS APPL ICSIMA
PY 2021
AB Speech Emotion Recognition (SER) has gained growing popularity due to its
   wide applications in almost every available field.  Past work has been done
   on large-scale processing boards with a variety of extracted features.  Many
   different methods have been proposed for the SER system but have lacked
   aspects in either size, complexity, or recognition accuracy.  Due to
   limitations on size and resources, designing a system that can overcome
   these drawbacks becomes imperative.  The solution is to design a system that
   is small, accurate, and economical.  Using Tiny Machine Learning and SER is
   the best solution since it can be done on a small-scale and relatively high
   emotion recognition rate.  This paper presents past work, the hardware,
   software, and the SER prototype's field design, focusing on detecting the
   variations of the Anger emotion.  A simple and optimum CNN architecture was
   developed for Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense implementation.  Prototype
   validation showed that our system could detect not angry, about to be angry,
   and angry emotions.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE anger recognition; arduino; speech emotion recognition; tensor flow; tinyml
ID software prototyping; emotion recognition; field design; large scale
   processing; recognition accuracy; recognition systems; small scale; speech
   emotion recognition; speech recognition

---

UT 1054
AR Fariselli M, 2021, IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS, DOI
   10.1109/AICAS51828.2021.9458491
TI Integer-Only Approximated MFCC for Ultra-Low Power Audio NN Processing on
   Multi-Core MCUs
AU Fariselli M; Rusci M; Cambonie J; Flamand E
TC 12
SO IEEE INT CONF ARTIF INTELL CIRCUITS SYST AICAS
PY 2021
AB Given the recent advances in the design of efficient Deep Neural Networks
   (DNN) for tiny edge devices, the feature extraction frontend has become a
   computation bottleneck for enabling audio processing on low-end
   MicroController Units (MCUs). To address this challenge, this work presents
   novel hardware-Aware integer quantization schemes for the MelFrequency
   Cepstral Coefficients (MFCC) feature extractor.  Our high-precision integer-
   only 32 bit approximated flow does not lead to accuracy degradation with
   respect to a full-precision implementation when feeding multiple DNN models
   for Audio Keyword Spotting applications.  In contrast, a second low-
   precision 16-bit approximated MFCC algorithm presents a 0.6% lower accuracy
   but results 3\times faster.  Additionally, by leveraging on an 8-cores MCU,
   GAP8, our solution results 9.8\times faster than the full precision MFCC
   deployed on an FPU-suited MCU. When integrated within an optimized end-To-
   end system for Keyword Spotting, a GAP8-based audio smart device presents an
   overall power consumption as low as 3.4mW, demonstrating up to 35 days of
   lifetime with a single AA battery.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE keyword spotting; mel-spectrogram; mfcc; microcontrollers; multi-core;
   tinyml
ID artificial intelligence; deep neural networks; natural language processing
   systems; audio processing; end to end systems; feature extractor; integer
   quantization; keyword spotting; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients;
   microcontroller unit; ultra-low power; microcontrollers

---

UT 1150
AR Kwon J, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P133, DOI 10.1145/3432261.3439865
TI Toward Data-Adaptable TinyML using Model Partial Replacement for Resource
   Frugal Edge Device
AU Kwon J; Park D/1
TC 12
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB Demand to perform machine learning (ML) tasks in microcontroller unit
   (MCU)-based edge devicesinstead of the server, that have limited resources,
   is gradually increasing.  TinyML framework makespossible that creating ML
   firmware in a language that can be ported to the MCU. This paper aims at a
   technique that flexibly responds to various inputs by partial replacement of
   the network model part among the ML firmware operating in the MCU. Before
   implementing the proposed technique, a preliminary experiment was performed.
   As the number of words trained on the network in the speech commanddataset
   increases, the size of the model increases, but the evaluation accuracy
   decreases.  The experimental results show the possibility of a technique
   that replaces small learning models corresponded to each domain, instead of
   using a huge model that trains all input data variations for different
   domains.  © 2021 Owner/Author.
DE edge device; mcu; neural network; partial replacement; tinyml
ID firmware; microcontrollers; different domains; evaluation accuracy; input
   datas; learning models; microcontroller unit; network modeling; partial
   replacement; learning systems

---

UT 1193
AR Sudharsan B, 2021, PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIG DATA, P4974, DOI
   10.1109/BigData52589.2021.9671765
TI Imbal-OL: Online Machine Learning from Imbalanced Data Streams in Real-world
   IoT
AU Sudharsan B; Breslin JG; Ali MI
TC 12
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIG DATA
PY 2021
AB Typically a Neural Networks (NN) is trained on data centers using historic
   datasets, then a C source file (model as a char array) of the trained model
   is generated and flashed on IoT devices.  This standard process impedes the
   flexibility of billions of deployed ML-powered devices as they cannot learn
   unseen/fresh data patterns (static intelligence) and are impossible to adapt
   to dynamic scenarios.  Currently, to address this issue, Online Machine
   Learning (OL) algorithms are deployed on IoT devices that provide devices
   the ability to locally re-train themselves -continuously updating the last
   few NN layers using unseen data patterns encountered after deployment.In OL,
   catastrophic forgetting is common when NNs are trained using non-stationary
   data distribution.  The majority of recent work in the OL domain embraces
   the implicit assumption that the distribution of local training data is
   balanced.  But the fact is, the sensor data streams in real-world IoT are
   severely imbalanced and temporally correlated.  This paper introduces Imbal-
   OL, a resource-friendly technique that can be used as an OL plugin to
   balance the size of classes in a range of data streams.  When Imbal-OL
   processed stream is used for OL, the models can adapt faster to changes in
   the stream while parallelly preventing catastrophic forgetting.
   Experimental evaluation of Imbal-OL using CIFAR datasets over ResNet-18
   demonstrates its ability to deal with imperfect data streams, as it manages
   to produce high-quality models even under challenging learning settings.  ©
   2021 IEEE.
DE class balancing; imbalanced data; iot devices; online learning; tinyml
ID balancing; data streams; e-learning; machine learning; class balancing; data
   stream; imbalanced data; iot device; machine learning; neural networks;
   online learning; online machines; real-world; tinyml; internet of things

---

UT 1129
AR Zanghieri M, 2021, IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/SAS51076.2021.9530181
TI Low-latency detection of epileptic seizures from IEEG with temporal
   convolutional networks on a low-power parallel MCU
AU Zanghieri M; Burrello A; Benatti S; Schindler K; Benini L
TC 11
SO IEEE SENSORS APPL SYMP SAS - PROC
PY 2021
AB Epilepsy is a severe neurological disorder that affects about 1% of the
   world population, and one-third of cases are drug-resistant.  Apart from
   surgery, drug-resistant patients can benefit from closed-loop brain
   stimulation, eliminating or mitigating the epileptic symptoms.  For the
   closed-loop to be accurate and safe, it is paramount to couple stimulation
   with a detection system able to recognize seizure onset with high
   sensitivity and specificity and short latency, while meeting the strict
   computation and energy constraints of always-on real-time monitoring
   platforms.  We propose a novel setup for iEEG-based epilepsy detection,
   exploiting a Temporal Convolutional Network (TCN) optimized for
   deployability on low-power edge devices for real-time monitoring.  We test
   our approach on the Short-Term SWEC-ETHZ iEEG Database, containing a total
   of 100 epileptic seizures from 16 patients (from 2 to 14 per patient)
   comparing it with the state-of-the-art (SoA) approach, represented by
   Hyperdimensional Computing (HD). Our TCN attains a detection delay which is
   10 s better than SoA, without performance drop in sensitivity and
   specificity.  Contrary to previous literature, we also enforce a time-
   consistent setup, where training seizures always precede testing seizures
   chronologically.  When deployed on a commercial low-power parallel
   microcontroller unit (MCU), each inference with our model has a latency of
   only 5.68 ms and an energy cost of only 124.5 µJ if executed on 1 core, and
   latency 1.46 ms and an energy cost 51.2 µJ if parallelized on 8 cores.
   These latency and energy consumption, lower than the current SoA,
   demonstrates the suitability of our solution for real-time long-term
   embedded epilepsy monitoring.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE deep learning; edge; embedded platforms; ieeg; long-term monitoring; low
   latency; real-time; seizure detection; seizure detection; temporal
   convolutional networks; tiny machine learning
ID convolution; convolutional neural networks; deep learning;
   electroencephalography; energy utilization; low power electronics;
   microcontrollers; convolutional networks; deep learning; edge; embedded
   platforms; ieeg; long-term monitoring; low latency; real- time; seizure
   detection; temporal convolutional network; tiny machine learning;
   neurophysiology

---

UT 1157
AR Raha A, 2021, PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS,
   V2021-October, P13, DOI 10.1109/ICCD53106.2021.00015
TI Special Session: Approximate TinyML Systems: Full System Approximations for
   Extreme Energy-Efficiency in Intelligent Edge Devices
AU Raha A; Ghosh S; Mohapatra D; Mathaikutty DA; Sung R; Brick C; Raghunathan V
TC 10
SO PROC IEEE INT CONF COMPUT DES VLSI COMPUT PROCESS
PY 2021
AB Approximate computing (AxC) has advanced from being an emerging design
   paradigm to becoming one of the most popular and effective methods of energy
   optimization for applications in the domains of computer vision, image/video
   processing, data mining, analytics, and search.  The simultaneous rise of
   artificial intelligence (AI) has provided an additional thrust to the
   adoption of various AxC techniques in intelligent edge platforms where
   energy-efficiency is not only desirable but necessary.  In spite of the big
   rise in interest for AxC, the adoption of approximate hardware has mostly
   been limited to only one component of the system (usually the processing
   subsystem) which often contributes only a fraction of the overall system-
   level power.  A full system approach to AxC enables us to extend
   approximations to other subsystems, such as the memory, sensor, and
   communications subsystems.  This paper presents the foundational concepts of
   an approximate TinyML system that applies approximations synergistically to
   multiple subsystems in an edge inference device.  These approximations are
   applied intelligently to significantly reduce energy while incurring a
   negligible loss in application-level quality.  We demonstrate multiple
   versions of an approximate smart camera system that can execute state-of-
   the-art deep neural networks (DNNs) while consuming only a fraction of the
   total energy in a typical system.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE approximate computing; approximate system; computer vision; deep learning;
   edge ai; tinyml
ID data handling; data mining; deep neural networks; edge computing; energy
   efficiency; approximate computing; approximate system; data analytics; deep
   learning; design paradigm; edge artificial intelligence; energy
   optimization; system approximation; tinyml; video processing; computer
   vision

---

UT 1366
AR Kadir ADIA, 2021, IEEE MALAYS INT CONF COMMUN EMERG TECHNOL IOT 5G MICC -
   PROC, P75, DOI 10.1109/MICC53484.2021.9642091
TI A Dataset and TinyML Model for Coarse Age Classification Based on Voice
   Commands
AU Kadir ADIA; Al-Haiqi A; Din NM
TC 10
SO IEEE MALAYS INT CONF COMMUN EMERG TECHNOL IOT 5G MICC - PROC
PY 2021
AB This study explores the emerging sub-discipline of Tiny Machine Learning
   (TinyML) in the specific context of classifying audio data.  New problems
   arise from the anticipation of voice prevalence in future interfaces with
   machines, especially embedded ones, and the need to have embedded
   intelligence into those machines, which can be captured by the idea of
   TinyML. In particular, there is a lack of studies on TinyML models for age
   classification based on voice commands, especially involving children as
   subjects.  There is also a lack of datasets that include voice commands of
   both adults and children.  This study aims to develop a TinyML model that is
   able to discriminate adults from children from their voice commands.  The
   methodology follows the workflow of building deep learning models, including
   data collection and preprocessing, training, testing and deployment.  Beyond
   the tools used for data collection and preprocessing, Edge Impulse was
   adopted as the development platform to train and test the model.  The
   evaluation of the model showed a classification accuracy of more than 97%
   based on the custom dataset built to train and test the model.  Finally, the
   tiny model was successfully deployed and evaluated on an Arduino Nano 33 BLE
   sense microcontroller.  © 2021 IEEE
DE age classification; arduino nano ble 33 sense; edge impulse; tinyml; voice
   command
ID classification ( of information ); data acquisition; internet of things;
   learning systems; statistical tests; age classification; arduino nano ble 33
   sense; data collection; data pre-processing; edge impulse; machine learning
   models; machine learning; sub-disciplines; tiny machine learning; voice
   command; deep learning

---

UT 1397
AR Zonzini F, 2021, PROC ANNU REV PROG QUANT NONDESTRUCT EVAL QNDE
TI ENHANCING VIBRATION-BASED STRUCTURAL HEALTH MONITORING VIA EDGE COMPUTING: A
   TINY MACHINE LEARNING PERSPECTIVE
AU Zonzini F; Romano F; Carbone A; Zauli M; De Marchi L
TC 10
SO PROC ANNU REV PROG QUANT NONDESTRUCT EVAL QNDE
PY 2021
AB Despite the outstanding improvements achieved by artificial intelligence in
   the Structural Health Monitoring (SHM) field, some challenges need to be
   coped with.  Among them, the necessity to reduce the complexity of the
   models and the data-to-user latency time which are still affecting state-of-
   the-art solutions.  This is due to the continuous forwarding of a huge
   amount of data to centralized servers, where the inference process is
   usually executed in a bulky manner.  Conversely, the emerging field of Tiny
   Machine Learning (TinyML), promoted by the recent advancements by the
   electronic and information engineering community, made sensor-near data
   inference a tangible, low-cost and computationally efficient alternative.
   In line with this observation, this work explored the embodiment of the One
   Class Classifier Neural Network, i.e., a neural network architecture solving
   binary classification problems for vibration-based SHM scenarios, into a
   resource-constrained device.  To this end, OCCNN has been ported on the
   Arduino Nano 33 BLE Sense platform and validated with experimental data from
   the Z24 bridge use case, reaching an average accuracy and precision of 95%
   and 94%, respectively.  © 2021 by ASME
ID cost engineering; edge computing; machine learning; network architecture;
   centralized server; edge computing; electronic and information engineerings;
   engineering community; inference process; latency time; low-costs; machine
   learning; state of the art; vibration-based structural health monitoring;
   structural health monitoring

---

UT 1450
AR Giordano M, 2021, SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST, P594,
   DOI 10.1145/3485730.3493367
TI A Battery-Free Long-Range Wireless Smart Camera for Face Recognition
AU Giordano M; Magno M
TC 9
SO SENSYS - PROC ACM CONF EMBED NETWORKED SENS SYST
PY 2021
AB In this demo we present a battery-free smart camera that exploits aggressive
   power management and energy harvesting to achieve face recognition in an
   energy-neutral fashion.  A novel hardware accelerator for Convolution Neural
   Networks is employed to speed up the inference of the Tiny Machine Learning
   algorithm.  The recognized face, and not the entire image, is sent via LoRa
   in a sensor network-like scenario.  Experimental results demonstrated the
   capability of the developed sensor node to start and work perpetually with
   only a small photovoltaic panel array.  © 2021 Owner/Author.
DE battery-free; energy harvesting; low power design; power management; smart
   camera; smart sensors; tiny machine learning
ID cameras; energy harvesting; face recognition; free energy; inference
   engines; machine learning; power management; sensor nodes; battery-free;
   convolution neural network; energy; hardware accelerators; low power design;
   machine learning; novel hardware; smart cameras; speed up; tiny machine
   learning; learning algorithms

---

UT 1238
AR Nguyen J, 2021, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART INTERNET THINGS SMARTIOT, P278,
   DOI 10.1109/SmartIoT52359.2021.00051
TI TrafficNNode: Low Power Vehicle Sensing Platform for Smart Cities
AU Nguyen J; Grimsley R; Iannucci B
TC 8
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART INTERNET THINGS SMARTIOT
PY 2021
AB Automating traffic monitoring and management can materially contribute to
   the realization of Smart Cities, but this demands detailed, accurate and
   timely characterization of traffic flows.  Current methods employ video
   capture (high installation and operating costs), pneumatic-tube-based
   counters (limited detail about vehicle types and often only installed
   temporarily), or manual data capture (high human cost). We have developed an
   intelligent, inexpensive, pavement-mountable device capable of collecting
   information about vehicle types and speeds using an embedded, power-
   optimized neural network.  The device is designed to fit within a raised
   pavement marker (RPM). RPMs are deployed throughout the world as lane
   markers.  Packaging our sensing technology into RPMs offers the potential to
   significantly improve the spatial and temporal resolution of traffic flow
   information across a city.  We outline our methodology for energy-optimized
   machine learning on a small, resource-constrained sensor device.  We present
   the results of our work in terms of accuracy (96% classifying vehicle type
   and 89% classifying vehicle speed) and battery life (three years). © 2021
   IEEE.
DE embeddedml; iot; low power; rnn; smart cities; tinyml; traffic sensing
ID constrained optimization; internet of things; operating costs; pavements;
   pneumatic tubes; vehicles; embeddedml; low power; power vehicles; rnn;
   sensing platforms; tinyml; traffic monitoring; traffic sensing; vehicle
   speed; vehicle types; smart city

---

UT 1263
AR Delnevo G, 2021, IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/GCWkshps52748.2021.9682101
TI Evaluating the practical limitations of TinyML: An experimental approach
AU Delnevo G; Prandi C; Mirri S; Manzoni P
TC 8
SO IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC
PY 2021
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is a novel research field that opens up the
   possibility of embedding local intelligence into frugal objects thus
   creating new opportunities for building "networks of collective
   intelligence". Energy consumption reduction is probably the main reason why
   TinyML deserves attention in terms of sustainability, but it is not the only
   one.  The low costs of the hardware and the possibility to increase the
   level of data security and user privacy are outstanding reasons as well.  In
   this work, we present the results of a sensitivity analysis we have
   conducted to evaluate the performance of a Random Forest with data collected
   by a state-of-the-art hardware device.  We focused on assessing the
   sensitivity of the detection of sounds, colors, and vibrations patterns.
   Results show that TinyML can be absolutely used to properly discriminate
   among several ranges of sounds, colors, and vibrations patterns, paving the
   way for the development of new promising sustainable applications.  © 2021
   IEEE.
DE random forest; sensitivity analysis; sustainability; tinyml
ID decision trees; energy utilization; random forests; sensitivity analysis;
   collective intelligences; color pattern; embeddings; energy-consumption;
   experimental approaches; machine learning; random forests; research fields;
   tiny machine learning; vibration pattern; sustainable development

---

UT 1144
AR Fang K, 2021, PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL MED EDUC ITME, P222, DOI
   10.1109/ITME53901.2021.00053
TI A Fall Detection using Sound Technology Based on TinyML
AU Fang K; Xu Z; Li Y/9; Pan J
TC 7
SO PROC - INT CONF TECHNOL MED EDUC ITME
PY 2021
AB With the increasing ageing of our society, the need of fall detection for
   the elderly is becoming more and more important.  In this paper, a
   convolutional neural network model is established and trained to study the
   fall detection using sound technology, so that the model can realize the
   autonomous recognition ability of the elderly fall sound from the other
   noises.  This network model will be finally deployed and realized on a small
   wearable device using TinyML technology.  A certain amount of falling sound
   data and noise data is collected by ourselves, and used as a training data
   set for neural network.  The audio data is converted into a Mel spectrogram
   firstly, and data features are extracted, and then inputted into the
   convolutional neural network.  This network is trained with TensorFlow
   offline before deployment.  Finally, under an experiment environment, the
   accuracy of the model's recognition of falling sounds reached more than 95%.
   Combining the sound technology with acceleration and gyroscope sensors will
   be a good way to detect the fall of elderly.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE artificial neural network; short time fourier transform; tensorflow lite;
   tinyml
ID acoustic noise; convolutional neural networks; fall detection; wearable
   technology; convolutional neural network; elderly falls; fall detection;
   neural network model; recognition abilities; short time fourier transforms;
   technology-based; tensorflow lite; tinyml; convolution

---

UT 1363
AR Vuppalapati C, 2021, ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT, V1184, P540, DOI
   10.1007/978-981-15-5859-7_54
TI Crossing the artificial intelligence (ai) chasm, albeit using constrained
   iot edges and tiny ml, for creating a sustainable food future
AU Vuppalapati C; Ilapakurti A; Kedari S/1; Vuppalapati R; Vuppalapati J;
   Kedari S
TC 5
SO ADV INTELL SYS COMPUT
PY 2021
AB Big data surrounds us.  Every minute, our smartphone collects huge amount of
   data from geolocations to next clickable item on the e-commerce site.  Data
   has become one of the most important commodities for the individuals and
   companies.  Nevertheless, this data revolution has not touched every
   economic sector, especially rural economies; e.g., small farmers have
   largely passed over the data revolution, in the developing countries due to
   infrastructure and constrained compute environments.  Not only this is a
   huge missed opportunity for the big data companies, but it is one of the
   significant obstacles in the path toward sustainable food and a huge
   inhibitor closing economic disparities.  The purpose of the paper is to
   develop a framework to deploy artificial intelligence models in constrained
   compute environments that enable remote rural areas and small farmers to
   join the data revolution and start contribution to the digital economy and
   empower the world through the data to create a sustainable food for our
   collective future.  In a nutshell, close the digital gap by crossing the AI
   chasm to democratize AI for poor and helpless farmers and help ourselves by
   creating sustainable food future.  © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The
   Author(s), under exclusive license to Springer Nature Singapore Pte Ltd
   2021.
DE artificial intelligence; cow necklace; dairy cloud; edge; hanumayamma;
   hardware constrained model; iot device; kalman filter; small scale farmers;
   tinyml
ID agriculture; big data; developing countries; internet of things; rural
   areas; data companies; digital economy; e-commerce sites; economic sectors;
   geolocations; remote rural areas; rural economy; artificial intelligence

---

UT 1183
AR Korber N, 2021, PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA, P564, DOI
   10.1109/ICMLA52953.2021.00094
TI Tiny Generative Image Compression for Bandwidth-Constrained Sensor
   Applications
AU Korber N; Siebert A; Hauke S; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 4
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF MACH LEARN APPL ICMLA
PY 2021
AB Deep image compression algorithms based on Generative Adversarial Networks
   (GANs) are a promising direction to address the strict communication
   bandwidth limitations commonly encountered in IoT sensor networks (e.g.  Low
   Power Wide Area Networks). However, current methods do not consider that the
   sensor nodes, which perform the image encoding, usually only offer very
   limited computation and memory capabilities, e.g.  a resource-constrained
   tiny device such as a micro-controller.  In this paper, we propose the first
   tiny generative image compression method specifically designed for image
   compression on micro-controllers.  We base our encoder on the well-known
   MobileNetV2 network architecture, while keeping the decoder side fixed.  To
   cope with the resulting asymmetric design of the compression pipeline, we
   investigate the impact of different training strategies (end-to-end,
   knowledge distillation) and integer quantization techniques (post-training,
   quantization-aware training) on the GAN-training stability.  On the
   Cityscapes dataset, we achieve a compression performance that is very close
   to the state-of-the-art, while requiring 99% less SRAM size, 97% smaller
   flash storage and 87% less multiply-add operations.  Our findings suggest
   that tiny generative image compression is particularly well suited for
   application-specific domains.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE autoencoder; generative adversarial network; image compression; neural
   network; tinyml
ID bandwidth; bandwidth compression; deep neural networks; generative
   adversarial networks; image coding; low power electronics; network
   architecture; network coding; sensor nodes; static random access storage;
   auto encoders; bandwidth-constrained; communication bandwidth; constrained
   sensors; image compression algorithms; images compression; microcontroller;
   neural networks; sensor applications; tinyml; image compression

---

UT 1255
AR Yauri R, 2021, PROC IEEE ENG INT RES CONF EIRCON, DOI
   10.1109/EIRCON52903.2021.9613450
TI Evaluation of Principal Component Analysis Algorithm for Locomotion
   Activities Detection in a Tiny Machine Learning Device
AU Yauri R; Acosta R; Jurado M; Rios M
TC 4
SO PROC IEEE ENG INT RES CONF EIRCON
PY 2021
AB Data generated by human locomotion activities is a process that involves the
   analysis of hundreds or thousands of data in a reduced time, due to the very
   nature of the signals generated and the techniques for implementing
   classification models and event detection.  It is advisable to try to reduce
   the number of characteristics or select the most important elements of the
   captured signals showing, in this paper, the use of principal component
   analysis (PCA) techniques.  The use of machine learning techniques for
   reduced hardware devices in intelligent environments, allows generating a
   solution for the non-invasive supervision of activities, complementing the
   use of PCA with other classification algorithms suitable for the treatment
   of data with a high number of characteristics such as support vector
   machines (SVM). Therefore, the evaluation of PCA processes and SVM
   algorithms is shown, selecting the one that has the best performance during
   its implementation in IoT devices with low hardware resources.  Finally, it
   is considered that the memory space consumed in the IoT device and the
   execution time of the processes are critical elements to make the comparison
   and contrast of the PCA models, allowing to select and develop a reliable
   and efficient model in small devices of IoT.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE edge computing; embedded-system; internet of thing; principal component
   analysis; support vector machine; tiny machine learning
ID edge computing; internet of things; learning algorithms; support vector
   machines; activity detection; edge computing; embedded-system; human
   locomotions; locomotion activity; machine learning; principal components
   analysis algorithms; principal component analysis; support vectors machine;
   tiny machine learning; principal component analysis

---

UT 1412
AR Rawat R, 2021, INT CONF RECENT DEV CONTROL AUTOM POWER ENG RDCAPE, P345, DOI
   10.1109/RDCAPE52977.2021.9633681
TI Intelligent Acoustic Module for Autonomous Vehicles using Fast Gated
   Recurrent approach
AU Rawat R; Gupta S/1; Mohapatra S; Mishra SP; Rajagopal S
TC 4
SO INT CONF RECENT DEV CONTROL AUTOM POWER ENG RDCAPE
PY 2021
AB This paper elucidates a model for acoustic single and multi-tone
   classification in resource constrained edge devices.  The proposed model is
   of State-of-the-art Fast Accurate Stable Tiny Gated Recurrent Neural
   Network.  This model has resulted in improved performance metrics and lower
   size compared to previous hypothesized methods by using lesser parameters
   with higher efficiency and employment of a noise reduction algorithm.  The
   model is implemented as an acoustic Al module, focused for the application
   of sound identification, localization, and deployment on Al systems like
   that of an autonomous car.  Further, the inclusion of localization
   techniques carries the potential of adding a new dimension to the multi-tone
   classifiers present in autonomous vehicles, as its demand increases in urban
   cities and developing countries in the future.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE acoustic classifier; acoustic sensor networks; autonomous vehicles; deep
   learning; edge ai; mel-frequency cepstral coefficients; recurrent neural
   networks; resource constraints; signal processing; spectrograms; tinyml
ID deep neural networks; developing countries; recurrent neural networks;
   sensor networks; signal processing; acoustic sensor networks; autonomous
   vehicles; deep learning; edge ai; mel-frequency cepstral co-efficient; mel-
   frequency cepstral coefficients; resource constraint; signal processing;
   spectrograms; tinyml; autonomous vehicles

---

UT 1139
AR Karabulut E, 2021, CONEX - PROC CONEX STUD WORK - CONEX INT CONF EMERG NETW
   EXPER TECHNOL, P21, DOI 10.1145/3488658.3493786
TI ML-based data classification and data aggregation on the edge
AU Karabulut E; Bnouhanna N; Sofia RC
TC 3
SO CONEX - PROC CONEX STUD WORK - CONEX INT CONF EMERG NETW EXPER TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB This study focuses on sensor classification using machine learning
   algorithms, to improve data aggregation on the Edge.  This aspect is
   particularly important in large-scale Internet of Things environments, where
   data aggregation derived from sensors from different vendors often requires
   human intervention.  The proposed research is focused on relying on machine
   learning to classify sensors based on their semantic descriptions.  © 2021
   ACM.
DE data aggregation; data classification; iot; machine learning; tinyml
ID classification ( of information ); learning algorithms; machine learning;
   semantics; data aggregation; data classification; human intervention; large
   scale internet; machine learning algorithms; semantic descriptions; tinyml;
   internet of things

---

UT 1140
AR Ahmad SF, 2021, IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/ICECS53924.2021.9665474
TI Audio Distress Signal Recognition in Rural and Urban Areas using a WSN
   consisting of Portable Resource-Constrained Devices
AU Ahmad SF; Jha U; Rawat R; Govindaraju M
TC 3
SO IEEE INT CONF ELECTRON CIRCUITS SYST ICECS - PROC
PY 2021
AB The safety of women, children and old-aged individuals in rural and urban
   areas is at great risk in many countries.  With an unprecedented rise in
   population of cities villages and the huge adoption of technology, it is
   vital to create new efforts toward safeguarding urban and rural residents
   against crime.  Improving emergency systems in rural regions big cities has
   been one of the biggest hurdles faced today and very little work has been
   done in this area.  To address safety concerns, we developed a technology
   framework to detect and report distress signals with very low response
   times.  Speech processing and machine learning techniques were employed to
   classify sounds in real-time, with varying levels of background noise.  To
   ensure scalability and low-cost deployments of the device in rural/urban
   areas, the machine learning model has been modified to run inferencing tasks
   on power and memory constrained embedded devices.  A WSN has also been
   proposed to span large regions with very short response times.  The
   developed framework gives us high accuracies, in the order of 98% and small
   response times, in the order of a few milliseconds.  This allows the device
   to focus more on routing the data to a WSN cluster head in a shorter amount
   of time, which could then be reported to the base station operated by the
   governing security authorities.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE convolutional neural network; iot; machine learning; neural networks; signal
   processing; speech processing; tinyml; wsn
ID alarm systems; convolutional neural networks; machine learning; rural areas;
   signal processing; speech recognition; convolutional neural network;
   distress signals; machine learning; neural networks; rural and urban; signal
   recognition; signal processing; tinyml; urban areas; wsn; internet of things

---

UT 1149
AR Zapico JL, 2021, IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/GCWkshps52748.2021.9682153
TI Insect biodiversity in agriculture using IoT: Opportunities and needs for
   further research
AU Zapico JL; Ahlgren F; Zennaro M
TC 3
SO IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC
PY 2021
AB Recent research points out an alarming decline in insect biodiversity and
   biomass.  Changing agriculture practices, together with climate change, are
   a main driver behind this decline.  Biodiversity interventions in
   agriculture can therefore play an important role for insect conservation.
   Validating the impact of such interventions is limited by expertise and
   labor intensive methods, and there is a growing number of projects exploring
   how IoT could help.  For instance using remote sensors to capture insect
   images and sound fingerprints non-intrusively, and machine learning models
   to automatically classify the observation in different taxa.This article
   will: (a) explore recent advances in Internet of Things, Edge ML and LPWAN
   technologies and their application for monitoring insect biodiversity; (b)
   discuss opportunities, needs and ideas for validating the impact of
   biodiversity interventions in agriculture using these technologies; and (c)
   outline future research opportunities.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE agriculture; insects; iot; lpwan; sensors; tinyml
ID agriculture; climate change; internet of things; remote sensing; insect;
   insect images; insect sounds; iot; labour-intensive; lpwan; machine learning
   models; recent researches; remote sensors; tinyml; biodiversity

---

UT 1066
AR Merenda M, 2021, INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT, DOI
   10.23919/SpliTech52315.2021.9566333
TI Tiny machine learning techniques for driving behavior scoring in a connected
   car environment
AU Merenda M; Mazzullo V; Carotenuto R; Corte FGD
TC 2
SO INT CONF SMART SUSTAIN TECHNOL SPLIT
PY 2021
AB Connected cars and automotive car driving are emerging topics and many
   researchers are looking to provide new solutions and technologies that could
   revolutionize the driving experience.  However, human car-driving is an
   activity that will certainly interact, in the near future, with autonomous
   driven vehicles.  Hence, the need to provide an information layer about
   driving behavior and style that could benefit a traffic management system.
   Both insurance and car rental providers could also benefit of the knowledge
   of the driving behavior to custom fit insurance and rental rate.  In this
   work, a machine learning model was deployed on a tiny hardware for
   performing the classification of car driving style based on inertial
   measurement data, augmented with in-vehicle diagnostic.  The results show
   that an accurate (98%) model could be successfully deployed on an ultra-low-
   power STM32L4 Series MCU (MicroContoller Units) based on Arm® Cortex®-M4
   core micro controller, capable to infer the proper classification among 4
   classes in less than 5 ms after acquiring data from sensors.  The system is
   also able to detect start and stop occurring during normal traffic driving.
   © 2021 University of Split, FESB.
DE connected car; driver scoring; embedded-system; machine learning; tiny
   machine learning
ID information management; automotives; behavior scoring; car driving;
   connected car; driver scoring; driving behavior; driving styles; embedded-
   system; machine learning techniques; tiny machine learning; machine learning

---

UT 1224
AR Li Y/7, 2021, ACM INT CONF PROC SER, P647, DOI 10.1145/3501409.3501526
TI Design of a Novel Neural Network Compression Method for Tiny Machine
   Learning
AU Li Y/7; Li Z/2; Zhang T; Zhou P; Feng S; Yin K
TC 2
SO ACM INT CONF PROC SER
PY 2021
AB Traditional IoT processing data is sent from local devices to the cloud for
   processing, which has disadvantages such as low privacy, high latency, and
   low energy efficiency.  These drawbacks can be effectively remedied by
   deploying the model for processing on devices at the "edge"of the cloud.  In
   order to realize the data being processed directly on the cloud
   "edge"devices, the original machine learning algorithms need to be improved.
   One of the important steps is neural network compression.  In this paper, a
   neural network compression method for Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML) is
   proposed.  The neural network is compressed by training a conventional
   neural network and then performing group convolution, pruning and asymmetric
   ternary quantization.  In the next step, a model transformation is performed
   using TFLite to deploy it on embedded devices.  With this novel neural
   network compression method, the size of the model can be greatly compressed
   with guaranteed accuracy.  Consequently, the traditional machine learning is
   upgraded to TinyML, and finally a TinyML-based fall monitoring system for
   the elderly is built.  © 2021 ACM.
DE compression neural networks; fall monitoring; tiny machine learning
ID data handling; energy efficiency; internet of things; learning algorithms;
   machine learning; compression methods; compression neural network; fall
   monitoring; high-low; lower energies; machine learning; network compression;
   neural networks; novel neural network; tiny machine learning; neural
   networks

---

UT 1252
AR Conti F, 2021, ARTIF INTELL DIGIT IND APPL, P187
TI AI-powered collision avoidance safety system for industrial woodworking
   machinery
AU Conti F; Indirli F; Latella A; Papariello F; Puglia GM; Tecce F; Urlini G;
   Zanghieri M
TC 2
SO ARTIF INTELL DIGIT IND APPL
PY 2021
AB Applying Artificial Intelligence technology to safety-critical industrial
   equipment requires preliminarily studies on the efficacy and limitations of
   such technology, to enable the definition of normative certification
   frameworks.  In this chapter, we present the prototype of an ultrasound-
   based collision avoidance system for industrial woodworking machinery.
   Using a single ultrasound sensor, the prototype can identify the presence of
   an operator in less than 13 milliseconds, with high sensitivity (97.3%) and
   specificity (98.6%) also in the presence of noise.  The solution presented
   is able to leverage increasing amount of data over time to increase
   accuracy, improving the model while always keeping the inference adequate
   for the memory, power and latency constraints of real-time execution on an
   embedded microcontroller unit.  © The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The
   Author(s) 2021. All rights reserved.
DE deep learning; deep neural networks; electro-sensitive protective equipment;
   embedded systems; machine learning; safety critical; temporal convolutional
   networks; time series analysis; tinyml; ultrasound processing

---

UT 1268
AR Eubanks B, 2021, MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST, V2021-August, P50, DOI
   10.1109/MWSCAS47672.2021.9531793
TI Reliability Assessment of Tiny Machine Learning Algorithms in the Presence
   of Control Flow Errors
AU Eubanks B; Patooghy A; Kursun O
TC 2
SO MIDWEST SYMP CIRCUITS SYST
PY 2021
AB With the advances in hardware technologies, embedded and Edge devices are
   now able to offer sufficient memory and computational power to accommodate
   light-weight machine-learning (ML) classifiers.  However, due to the
   intensive code optimization and summarization in the design phase, the
   reliability of light-weight ML applications is at risk.  In this paper, we
   study the reliability of three prototypical light-weight ML applications
   against the well-known control flow (CF) errors.  We have injected a total
   of 66,156 CF errors into Bonsai, ProtoNN, and TensorFlow Lite ML
   applications running on the Arduino board.  Based on the results obtained
   from the error-injections, we found that CF errors could affect either the
   functionality or the classification accuracy of the ML-based inference as
   the embedded application.  We conclude that making a single decision only
   after a long sequence of computations/branches may be more error-prone.
   This issue can be addressed by combining the inferences of intermediate
   nodes in the chain to obtain the final classification decision.  © 2021
   IEEE.
DE arduino; control-flow error; edge; embedded systems; machine learning
ID errors; learning algorithms; machine learning; reliability; arduino;
   control-flow errors; edge; embedded-system; hardware technology; light
   weight; machine learning algorithms; machine learning applications; machine
   learning; reliability assessments; embedded systems

---

UT 1404
AR Acharjee J, 2021, INT CONF INNOV INTELL INFORMATICS COMPUT TECHNOL 3ICT,
   P411, DOI 10.1109/3ICT53449.2021.9581835
TI Cartoonize Images using TinyML Strategies with Transfer Learning
AU Acharjee J; Deb S
TC 1
SO INT CONF INNOV INTELL INFORMATICS COMPUT TECHNOL 3ICT
PY 2021
AB The gradual advancements towards the development of Deep Neural Networks has
   ultimately led to the development of certain specialised hardware for the
   application of such Networks with superior performance.  But, many of the
   consumer grade hardwares and Single Board Computers (SBCs) which are used in
   embedded scenarios are not (yet) computationally efficient enough to perform
   the execution of even an already trained model within feasible limits.  Thus
   in this paper, we focus on the implication of Post Training Quantization
   (PTQ) strategies to mitigate the great computational demands arising due to
   evolution of complex models.  As the title implies, the original model
   incorporates a Generative Adversarial Network to generate Cartoonized
   versions of provided Real-World input images.  This model, in its original
   state, takes nearly twice as much time to process the output on a single
   threaded workload.  Our Solution to the above stated issue involves
   Quantizing the pre-trained model from 32-bit Floating Point values to a
   minimum of 8-bit Integer Values with the addition of Transfer Learning in-
   general.  The results from our testing show that PTQ allowed the model to be
   compressed to a smaller size as compared to the original novelty, making it
   ready to be deployed on resource-constrained environments.  In addition to
   that, a significant increase in the Inference Engine's processing
   performance has also been observed on general purpose hardware.  © 2021
   IEEE.
DE cartoonization; neural networks; post-training quantization; single board
   computers
ID computer hardware; digital arithmetic; generative adversarial networks;
   cartoonization; computationally efficient; neural networks; performance;
   post-training quantization; quantization; single board computers; single
   board computers; specialized hardware; transfer learning; deep neural
   networks

---

UT 1022
AR Hong KY-W, 2021, IEEE ENERGY CONVERS CONGR EXPO ECCE - PROC, P2755, DOI
   10.1109/ECCE47101.2021.9595594
TI 'Plug-and-Play' Tiny AI-Empowered Output Filter Parameter Extraction
   Framework with Single RNN Cell for Digital Power
AU Hong KY-W; Chung HS-H; Lo AW-L; Wang H/1
TC 0
SO IEEE ENERGY CONVERS CONGR EXPO ECCE - PROC
PY 2021
AB A 'plug-and-play' tiny artificial intelligence (AI)-empowered output filter
   parameter extraction framework for digital power is presented.  It can be
   integrated into existing digital power readily without introducing extra
   sensors.  The framework aims to provide digital power with the output filter
   parameter information to enhance or maintain system performance and to
   conduct system diagnostics.  The concept is based on firstly transferring
   the control from the default controller to the framework with the
   predetermined control law for a few switching cycles via typical priority-
   based interrupt programming, then perturbing and observing the response of
   the control action, and finally determining the filter parameters with a
   recurrent neural network (RNN) having a single cell.  The proposed framework
   has been applied and evaluated on a 150W, 180V / 120V buck DC/DC converter.
   Results show that the root-mean-square (RMS) errors of determining the
   values of the output inductor and capacitor are 2.28% and 2.86%,
   respectively.  © 2021 IEEE.
DE artificial intelligence; control; digital power; neural network; power
   converters; system identification
ID extraction; parameter extraction; recurrent neural networks; digital power;
   extra sensors; filter parameter; network cells; neural networks; output
   filters; parameters extraction; plug-and-play; power; system identification;
   dc-dc converters

---

UT 1141
AR Narvaez AMA, 2021, SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL, V233, P878, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-75680-2_97
TI Recognition of Hand-Towards-Face Movements Prototype to Fight COVID-19 Using
   an IMU Sensor and Deep Learning Model Embedded in a Single-Board Computer
AU Narvaez AMA
TC 0
SO SMART INNOV SYST TECHNOL
PY 2021
AB People touch their faces an average of 16 to 23 times per h; this
   unconscious habit is very difficult to eradicate and allows the SARS-CoV-2
   virus to enter the body after a contaminated surface was touched with hands,
   causing COVID-19 disease that could become a serious illness for older
   people with underlying medical problems.  To help combat this behavior, a
   Recognition of hand-towards-face movements prototype has been proposed by
   using an IMU Sensor and Deep Learning Model embedded in Single-Board
   Computer.  It works using linear and angular accelerations from an MPU 6050
   IMU sensor and a Raspberry Pi Model 3B+ that collects data and executes a
   TensorFlow Lite model that determines whether a person is going to touch
   their face or not to avoid unintentional infections.  © 2021, The Author(s),
   under exclusive license to Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE covid-19; har; tinyml
ID behavioral research; diseases; face recognition; learning systems; medical
   problems; palmprint recognition; angular acceleration; contaminated
   surfaces; learning models; older people; pi models; single board computers;
   deep learning

---

UT 1325
AR Sanchez-Iborra R, 2020, IEEE CIRCUITS SYST MAG, V20, P4, DOI
   10.1109/MCAS.2020.3005467
TI TinyML-Enabled Frugal Smart Objects: Challenges and Opportunities
AU Sanchez-Iborra R; Skarmeta AF
TC 274
SO IEEE CIRCUITS SYST MAG
PY 2020
AB The TinyML paradigm proposes to integrate Machine Learning (ML)-based
   mechanisms within small objects powered by Microcontroller Units (MCUs).
   This paves the way for the development of novel applications and services
   that do not need the omnipresent processing support from the cloud, which is
   power consuming and involves data security and privacy risks.  In this work,
   a comprehensive review of the novel TinyML ecosystem is provided.  The
   related challenges and opportunities are identified and the potential
   services that will be enabled by the development of truly smart frugal
   objects are discussed.  As a main contribution of this paper, a detailed
   survey of the available TinyML frameworks for integrating ML algorithms
   within MCUs is provided.  Besides, aiming at illustrating the given
   discussion, a real case study is presented.  Concretely, we propose a multi-
   Radio Access Network (RAT) architecture for smart frugal objects.  The issue
   of selecting the most adequate communication interface for sending sporadic
   messages considering both the status of the device and the characteristics
   of the data to be sent is addressed.  To this end, several TinyML frameworks
   are evaluated and the performances of a number of ML algorithms embedded in
   an Arduino Uno board are analyzed.  The attained results reveal the validity
   of the TinyML approach, which successfully enables the integration of
   techniques such as Neural Networks (NNs), Support Vector Machine (SVM),
   decision trees, or Random Forest (RF) in frugal objects with constrained
   hardware resources.  The outcomes also show promising results in terms of
   algorithm's accuracy and computation performance.  © 2001-2012 IEEE.
ID decision trees; microcontrollers; security of data; support vector machines;
   communication interface; computation performance; data security and privacy;
   hardware resources; microcontroller unit; multi-radio access; neural
   networks ( nns ); novel applications; radio access networks

---

UT 1436
AR Xue C-X, 2020, DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT SOLID STATE CIRCUITS CONF,
   V2020-February, P244, DOI 10.1109/ISSCC19947.2020.9063078
TI A 22nm 2Mb ReRAM Compute-in-Memory Macro with 121-28TOPS/W for Multibit MAC
   Computing for Tiny AI Edge Devices
AU Xue C-X; Huang T-Y; Liu J-S; Chang T-W; Kao H-Y; Wang J-H; Liu T-W; Wei S-Y;
   Huang S-P; Wei W-C; Chen Y-R; Hsu T-H; Chen Y-K; Lo Y-C; Wen T-H/1; Lo C-C;
   Liu R-S; Hsieh C-C; Tang K-T; Chang M-F
TC 240
SO DIG TECH PAP IEEE INT SOLID STATE CIRCUITS CONF
PY 2020
AB Nonvolatile computing-in-memory (nvCIM) can improve the latency (tAC) and
   energy-efficiency (EFMAC) of tiny AI edge devices performing multiply-and-
   accumulate (MAC) computing after system wake-up.  Prior nvCIMs have proven
   effective for binary input (IN) and weight (W), and 3b output (OUT) [1],
   1-8-1b IN-W-OUT [2], and 2-3-4b IN-W-OUT [3] neural networks; however, the
   higher precision (4-4b IN-W) for MAC operations is needed for multi-bit CNNs
   to achieved high-inference accuracy [4]. As Fig.15.4.1 shows, improving the
   precision of nvCIM macros involves various challenges.  (1) A large number
   of activated WLs provides a wide range of BL current (IBL) resulting in an
   inaccurate BL-clamping voltage (VBLC); as well as a large (IBL) requiring a
   large array area due to the need for wide metal lines to support high-
   current density.  (2) Previous 'WL = input' approaches suffer from: (a) few
   parallel inputs (IN#) due to (1), and (b) long (tAC) in multiple cycles of
   binary WL inputs on 1T1R cells for multibit inputs.  (3) Previous positive-
   negative-split weight-mapping consumes high total (lBL) and area overhead
   (needing 2x(m-1) cells for a signed m-bit weight) for cell arrays with high-
   weight precision.  (4) Long (tAC) and a large number of reference currents
   (IREF#) for high-precision outputs.  To overcome these challenges, this work
   proposes: (1) a BL-IN-OUT multibit computing (BLIOMC) scheme using a single
   WL-on and input-aware multibit BL clamping (IA-MBC) to shorten (lBL) for
   multibit inputs, increase IN#, and reduce the (lBL) range/size for accurate
   (VBLC) and a compact array area.  (2) Scrambled 2's complement (S2C) weight
   mapping (S2CWM), input-aware source-line (SL) voltage biasing (IA-SLVB), and
   an S2C value combiner (S2CVC) to reduce area overhead and lBL in the cell
   array.  (3) A dual-bit small-offset current-mode sense amplifier (DbSO-CSA)
   to reduce IREF# and tAC. A fabricated 22nm 2Mb ReRAM-CIM macro presents the
   first 4b-input nvCIM macro, featuring a 9.8-18.3ns tAC and an EFMAC of
   121.3-28.9TOPS/W from binary to 4bIN-4bW-11bOUT compute precisions.  © 2020
   IEEE.
ID cells; cytology; energy efficiency; mapping; rram; compact arrays; high
   current densities; high-precision; multiple cycles; multiply-and-accumulate;
   offset currents; reference currents; voltage biasing; green computing

---

UT 1453
AR Wang X/1, 2020, IEEE INTERNET THINGS J, V7, P4403, DOI
   10.1109/JIOT.2020.2976702
TI FANN-on-MCU: An Open-Source Toolkit for Energy-Efficient Neural Network
   Inference at the Edge of the Internet of Things
AU Wang X/1; Magno M; Cavigelli L; Benini L
TC 139
SO IEEE INTERNET THINGS J
PY 2020
AB The growing number of low-power smart devices in the Internet of Things is
   coupled with the concept of 'edge computing' that is moving some of the
   intelligence, especially machine learning, toward the edge of the network.
   Enabling machine learning algorithms to run on resource-constrained
   hardware, typically on low-power smart devices, is challenging in terms of
   hardware (optimized and energy-efficient integrated circuits), algorithmic,
   and firmware implementations.  This article presents a FANN-on-MCU, an open-
   source toolkit built upon the fast artificial neural network (FANN) library
   to run lightweight and energy-efficient neural networks on microcontrollers
   based on both the ARM Cortex-M series and the novel RISC-V-based parallel
   ultralow-power (PULP) platform.  The toolkit takes multilayer perceptrons
   trained with FANN and generates code targeted to low-power microcontrollers.
   This article also presents detailed analyses of energy efficiency across the
   different cores, and the optimizations to handle different network sizes.
   Moreover, it provides a detailed analysis of parallel speedups and
   degradations due to parallelization overhead and memory transfers.  Further
   evaluations include experimental results for three different applications
   using a self-sustainable wearable multisensor bracelet.  The experimental
   results show a measured latency in the order of only a few microseconds and
   power consumption of a few milliwatts while keeping the memory requirements
   below the limitations of the targeted microcontrollers.  In particular, the
   parallel implementation on the octa-core RISC-V platform reaches a speedup
   of 22× and a 69% reduction in energy consumption with respect to a single-
   core implementation on Cortex-M4 for continuous real-time classification.  ©
   2014 IEEE.
DE edge ai; embedded systems; internet of things ( iot ); low power devices;
   machine learning; multilayer perceptron ( mlp ); neural networks ( nns );
   tinyml; wearable
ID constrained optimization; controllers; energy efficiency; energy
   utilization; firmware; internet of things; learning algorithms; machine
   learning; microcontrollers; neural networks; energy efficient; low power
   microcontrollers; memory requirements; network inference; parallel
   implementations; parallel speedups; parallelizations; self-sustainable; low
   power electronics

---

UT 1173
AR Capotondi A, 2020, IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS, V67, P871, DOI
   10.1109/TCSII.2020.2983648
TI CMix-NN: Mixed Low-Precision CNN Library for Memory-Constrained Edge Devices
AU Capotondi A; Rusci M; Fariselli M; Benini L
TC 127
SO IEEE TRANS CIRCUITS SYST EXPRESS BRIEFS
PY 2020
AB Low-precision integer arithmetic is a necessary ingredient for enabling Deep
   Learning inference on tiny and resource-constrained IoT edge devices.  This
   brief presents CMix-NN, a flexible open-sourceCMix-NN is available at
   https://github.com/EEESlab/CMix-NN. mixed low-precision (independent tensors
   quantization of weight and activations at 8, 4, 2 bits) inference library
   for low bitwidth Quantized Networks.  CMix-NN efficiently supports both Per-
   Layer and Per-Channel quantization strategies of weights and activations.
   Thanks to CMix-NN, we deploy on an STM32H7 microcontroller a set of
   Mobilenet family networks with the largest input resolutions ( 224\times 224
   ) and higher accuracies (up to 68% Top1) when compressed with a mixed low
   precision technique, achieving up to +8% accuracy improvement concerning any
   other published solution for MCU devices.  © 2004-2012 IEEE.
DE artificial neural networks; edge computing; inference mechanisms;
   microcontrollers; tinyml
ID chemical activation; accuracy improvement; bit-width; channel quantization;
   family network; integer arithmetic; deep learning

---

UT 1315
AR Disabato S, 2020, AICHALLENGEIOT - PROC INT WORK CHALL ARTIF INTELL MACH
   LEARN INTERNET THINGS, P7, DOI 10.1145/3417313.3429378
TI Incremental On-Device Tiny Machine Learning
AU Disabato S; Roveri M
TC 58
SO AICHALLENGEIOT - PROC INT WORK CHALL ARTIF INTELL MACH LEARN INTERNET THINGS
PY 2020
AB Tiny Machine Learning (TML) is a novel research area aiming at designing and
   developing Machine Learning (ML) techniques meant to be executed on Embedded
   Systems and Internet-of-Things (IoT) units.  Such techniques, which take
   into account the constraints on computation, memory, and energy
   characterizing the hardware platform they operate on, exploit approximation
   and pruning mechanisms to reduce the computational load and the memory
   demand of Machine and Deep Learning (DL) algorithms.  Despite the
   advancement of the research, TML solutions present in the literature assume
   that Embedded Systems and IoT units support only the inference of ML and DL
   algorithms, whereas their training is confined to more-powerful computing
   units (due to larger computational load and memory demand). This also
   prevents such pervasive devices from being able to learn in an incremental
   way directly from the field to improve the accuracy over time or to adapt to
   new working conditions.  The aim of this paper is to address such an open
   challenge by introducing an incremental algorithm based on transfer learning
   and k-nearest neighbor to support the on-device learning (and not only the
   inference) of ML and DL solutions on embedded systems and IoT units.
   Moreover, the proposed solution is general and can be applied to different
   application scenarios.  Experimental results on image/audio benchmarks and
   two off-The-shelf hardware platforms show the feasibility and effectiveness
   of the proposed solution.  © 2020 ACM.
DE deep learning; embedded systems; incremental learning; internet of things;
   tiny machine learning
ID approximation algorithms; deep learning; embedded systems; inference
   engines; learning algorithms; learning systems; nearest neighbor search;
   computational loads; deep learning; embedded internet; embedded-system;
   hardware platform; incremental learning; machine learning techniques;
   machine learning; research areas; tiny machine learning; internet of things

---

UT 1434
AR Giordano M, 2020, ENSSYS - PROC INT WORK ENERGY HARVEST ENERGY-NEUTRAL SENS
   SYST, P29, DOI 10.1145/3417308.3430273
TI A Battery-Free Long-Range Wireless Smart Camera for Face Detection
AU Giordano M; Mayer P; Magno M
TC 34
SO ENSSYS - PROC INT WORK ENERGY HARVEST ENERGY-NEUTRAL SENS SYST
PY 2020
AB This paper presents a battery-free smart camera that combines tiny machine
   learning, long-range communication, power management, and energy harvesting.
   The smart sensor node has been implemented and evaluated in the field,
   showing both battery-less capabilities with a small-size photovoltaic panel
   and the energy efficiency of the proposed solution.  We evaluated two
   different ARM Cortex-M4F microcontrollers, the Ambiq Apollo 3 that is an
   energy-efficient microcontroller, and a Microchip SAMD51 able to work in
   high radiation environments but with a higher power in active mode.
   Finally, a low power LoRa module provides the long-range wireless
   transmission capability.  The tiny machine learning algorithm for face
   recognition has been optimized in terms of accuracy versus energy, achieving
   up to 97% accuracy recognizing five different faces.  Experimental results
   demonstrated the capability of the developed sensor node to start from the
   cold start after 1 minute at a very low luminosity of 350 lux using a cm
   size flexible photovoltaic panels and work perpetually after the cold start.
   © 2020 ACM.
DE battery-free; energy harvesting; low power design; power management; smart
   camera; smart sensors; tiny machine learning
ID cameras; electric batteries; energy efficiency; energy harvesting; energy
   utilization; face recognition; free energy; machine learning;
   microcontrollers; power management; sensor nodes; battery-free; cold-start;
   communication power; faces detection; long-range communications; low power
   design; machine learning; photovoltaic panels; smart cameras; tiny machine
   learning; learning algorithms

---

UT 1180
AR Paul AJ, 2020, IEEE RECENT ADV INTELL COMPUT SYST RAICS, P147, DOI
   10.1109/RAICS51191.2020.9332480
TI Rethinking Generalization in American Sign Language Prediction for Edge
   Devices with Extremely Low Memory Footprint
AU Paul AJ; Mohan P; Sehgal S
TC 28
SO IEEE RECENT ADV INTELL COMPUT SYST RAICS
PY 2020
AB Due to the boom in technical compute in the last few years, the world has
   seen massive advances in artificially intelligent systems solving diverse
   real-world problems.  But a major roadblock in the ubiquitous acceptance of
   these models is their enormous computational complexity and memory
   footprint.  Hence efficient architectures and training techniques are
   required for deployment on extremely low resource inference endpoints.  This
   paper proposes an architecture for detection of alphabets in American Sign
   Language on an ARM Cortex-M7 microcontroller having just 496 KB of
   framebuffer RAM. Leveraging parameter quantization is a common technique
   that might cause varying drops in test accuracy.  This paper proposes using
   interpolation as augmentation amongst other techniques as an efficient
   method of reducing this drop, which also helps the model generalize well to
   previously unseen noisy data.  The proposed model is about 185 KB post-
   quantization and inference speed is 20 frames per second.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE american sign language; fingerspelling; generalization; human computer
   interaction; quantization; tinyml
ID drops; memory architecture; random access storage; american sign language;
   arm cortices; efficient architecture; frames per seconds; memory footprint;
   real-world problem; test accuracy; training techniques; intelligent
   computing

---

UT 1276
AR Alongi F, 2020, PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP, P350, DOI
   10.1109/SMARTCOMP50058.2020.00076
TI Tiny Neural Networks for Environmental Predictions: An Integrated Approach
   with Miosix
AU Alongi F; Ghielmetti N; Pau D; Terraneo F; Fornaciari W
TC 28
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF SMART COMPUT SMARTCOMP
PY 2020
AB Collecting vast amount of data and performing complex calculations to feed
   modern Numerical Weather Prediction (NWP) algorithms require to centralize
   intelligence into some of the most powerful energy and resource hungry
   supercomputers in the world.  This is due to the chaotic complex nature of
   the atmosphere which interpretation require virtually unlimited computing
   and storage resources.  With Machine Learning (ML) techniques, a statistical
   approach can be designed in order to perform weather forecasting activity.
   Moreover, the recently growing interest in Edge Computing Tiny Intelligent
   architectures is proposing a shift towards the deployment of ML algorithms
   on Tiny Embedded Systems (ES). This paper describes how Deep but Tiny Neural
   Networks (DTNN) can be designed to be parsimonious and can be automatically
   converted into a STM32 microcontroller-optimized C-library through X-CUBE-AI
   toolchain; we propose the integration of the obtained library with Miosix, a
   Real Time Operating System (RTOS) tailored for resource constrained and tiny
   processors, which is an enabling factor for system scalability and multi
   tasking.  With our experiments we demonstrate that it is possible to deploy
   a DTNN, with a FLASH and RAM occupation of 45,5 KByte and 480 Byte
   respectively, for atmospheric pressure forecasting in an affordable cost
   effective system.  We deployed the system in a real context, obtaining the
   same prediction quality as the same DNN model deployed on the cloud but with
   the advantage of processing all the necessary data to perform the prediction
   close to environmental sensors, avoiding raw data traffic to the cloud.  ©
   2020 IEEE.
DE edge computing; embedded systems; neural networks; real-time operating
   systems; tiny machine learning
ID atmospheric pressure; complex networks; computer operating systems; cost
   effectiveness; deep neural networks; embedded systems; intelligent
   computing; neural networks; random access storage; supercomputers; cost
   effective systems; environmental prediction; environmental sensor;
   integrated approach; intelligent architectures; numerical weather
   prediction; real-time operating system; statistical approach; weather
   forecasting

---

UT 1396
AR Fyntanidou B, 2020, IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC, DOI
   10.1109/GCWkshps50303.2020.9367584
TI IoT-based smart triage of Covid-19 suspicious cases in the Emergency
   Department
AU Fyntanidou B; Zouka M; Apostolopoulou A; Bamidis PD; Billis A; Mitsopoulos
   K; Angelidis P; Fourlis A
TC 28
SO IEEE GLOBECOM WORK GC WKSHPS - PROC
PY 2020
AB According to scientific reports, the main and most common Covid-19 symptoms
   are fever and shortness of breath.  Therefore, monitoring of vitals such as
   temperature, breathing and heart rate and blood oxygen saturation is of
   essence.  Our team has designed and developed a wrist-worn wearable device
   that continuously monitors relevant vital signs with the aim to prioritize
   and triage Covid-19 patients in the Emergency Department.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE covid-19; emergency department; photoplethysmography; respiratory
   evaluation; tinyml; triage; wrist wearable
ID emergency rooms; blood oxygen saturation; emergency departments; heart
   rates; vital sign; wearable devices; internet of things

---

UT 1038
AR Vuppalapati C, 2020, PROC - INT CONF COMPUT TECHNOL ICICT, P525, DOI
   10.1109/ICICT50521.2020.00089
TI Democratization of AI, albeit constrained IoT devices & Tiny ML, for
   creating a sustainable food future
AU Vuppalapati C; Ilapakurti A; Kedari S/1; Vuppalapati J; Kedari S;
   Vuppalapati R
TC 25
SO PROC - INT CONF COMPUT TECHNOL ICICT
PY 2020
AB Big Data surrounds us.  Every minute, our smartphone collects huge amount of
   data from geolocations to next clickable item on the ecommerce site.  Data
   has become one of the most important commodities for the individuals and
   companies.  Nevertheless, this data revolution has not touched every
   economic sector, especially rural economies, e.g., small farmers have
   largely passed over the data revolution, in the developing countries due to
   infrastructure and compute constrained environments.  Not only this is a
   huge missed opportunity for the big data companies, it is one of the
   significant obstacle in the path towards sustainable food and a huge
   inhibitor closing economic disparities.  The purpose of the paper is to
   develop a framework to deploy artificial intelligence models in constrained
   compute environments that enable remote rural areas and small farmers to
   join the data revolution and start contribution to the digital economy and
   empowers the world through the data to create a sustainable food for our
   collective future.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE artificial inteligence; cow necklace; dairy cloud; edge; hanumayamma;
   hardware constrained devices; iot device; kalman filter; small scale
   farmers; tinyml
ID agriculture; big data; developing countries; rural areas; data companies;
   digital economy; e-commerce sites; economic sectors; geolocations; remote
   rural areas; rural economy; internet of things

---

UT 1264
AR Vuppalapati C, 2020, PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIG DATA, P2375, DOI
   10.1109/BigData50022.2020.9377755
TI Automating Tiny ML Intelligent Sensors DevOPS Using Microsoft Azure
AU Vuppalapati C; Ilapakurti A; Chillara K; Kedari S/1; Mamidi V
TC 23
SO PROC - IEEE INT CONF BIG DATA BIG DATA
PY 2020
AB Microsoft Azure DevOps is a robust ,cross platform and powerful automation
   engine for script-based automation tools.  Azure DevOPS enables to build,
   test, and deploy Cloud Native and/or Non-Cloud Native applications.  The
   core principle and chief advantage that Azure DevOps provide are the
   availability of automation techniques such as infrastructure as code and the
   seamless integration of verifiable frameworks such as Machine Learning
   Operations (MLOps) with the DevOps automated pipelines to provision and
   configure the infrastructure that applications need to run.With the increase
   in application complexity and with the infusion of Machine Learning (ML) and
   Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques as part of the software development
   lifecycle, the Azure DevOps is the most important framework that many
   organizations are rapidly progressing to incorporate it in their business
   processes to reduce the cost of building product and improve customer
   success.As part of the paper, we would like to propose a novel DevOps
   framework for building intelligent Tiny ML dairy agriculture sensors and the
   advantages that DevOps provide to develop high quality product in the most
   cost-efficient manner and serve small scale farmers who are at the bottom
   economic pyramid.  © 2020 IEEE.
DE azure; ci/cd; devops; infrastructure as code
ID agriculture; application programs; automation; intelligent buildings;
   machine learning; software design; windows operating system; automation
   techniques; automation tools; azure; ci/cd; cross-platform; infrastructure
   as code; intelligent sensors; machine learning; microsoft; seamless
   integration; life cycle

---

UT 1417
AR Rusci M, 2020, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1325, P296, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-66770-2_22
TI Leveraging Automated Mixed-Low-Precision Quantization for Tiny Edge
   Microcontrollers
AU Rusci M; Fariselli M; Capotondi A; Benini L
TC 22
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2020
AB The severe on-chip memory limitations are currently preventing the
   deployment of the most accurate Deep Neural Network (DNN) models on tiny
   MicroController Units (MCUs), even if leveraging an effective 8-bit
   quantization scheme.  To tackle this issue, in this paper we present an
   automated mixed-precision quantization flow based on the HAQ framework but
   tailored for the memory and computational characteristics of MCU devices.
   Specifically, a Reinforcement Learning agent searches for the best uniform
   quantization levels, among 2, 4, 8 bits, of individual weight and activation
   tensors, under the tight constraints on RAM and FLASH embedded memory sizes.
   We conduct an experimental analysis on MobileNetV1, MobileNetV2 and MNasNet
   models for Imagenet classification.  Concerning the quantization policy
   search, the RL agent selects quantization policies that maximize the memory
   utilization.  Given an MCU-class memory bound of 2 MB for weight-only
   quantization, the compressed models produced by the mixed-precision engine
   result as accurate as the state-of-the-art solutions quantized with a non-
   uniform function, which is not tailored for CPUs featuring integer-only
   arithmetic.  This denotes the viability of uniform quantization, required
   for MCU deployments, for deep weights compression.  When also limiting the
   activation memory budget to 512 kB, the best MobileNetV1 model scores up to
   68.4% on Imagenet thanks to the found quantization policy, resulting to be
   4% more accurate than the other 8-bit networks fitting the same memory
   constraints.  © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE automated quantization; microcontrollers; mixed precision; tinyml
ID automation; budget control; chemical activation; controllers; deep neural
   networks; flash memory; memory architecture; neural network models; program
   processors; random access storage; reinforcement learning; automated
   quantization; lower precision; microcontroller unit; mixed precision; neural
   network model; on-chip-memory; quantization; quantization policies; tinyml;
   uniform quantization; microcontrollers

---

UT 1228
AR Funk F, 2020, COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI, V1325, P268, DOI
   10.1007/978-3-030-66770-2_20
TI ML Training on a Tiny Microcontroller for a Self-adaptive Neural Network-
   Based DC Motor Speed Controller
AU Funk F; Bucksch T; Mueller-Gritschneder D
TC 6
SO COMMUN COMPUT INFO SCI
PY 2020
AB Neural-Network (NN)-based controllers have the potential to achieve better
   control performance than classical PID controllers.  Yet NN deployment on
   tiny microcontrollers, which are used in DC motor control due to strict cost
   requirements, is challenging as NNs are computationally intensive and memory
   demanding.  We propose a lightweight direct inverse NN-based control
   approach for controlling the angular speed of a permanent magnet DC motor,
   which runs on a tiny Arm Cortex-M0 microcontroller with only 4 kB of RAM.
   Moreover, the NN-based controller can self-adapt to the DC motor
   characteristics without the need of any external machine learning frameworks
   such as TensorFlow.  For this, we are not deploying a pre-trained network
   for inference but implement a fully automated training process on the
   microcontroller, which also includes the dataset collection.  The result is
   a self-adaptive control algorithm that is able to drive the motor at the
   desired speed after it learned the motor characteristics in an initial
   training phase.  Furthermore, the approach is extended such that it enables
   the controller to constantly self-adapt to later changes in the motor
   characteristics caused by heating or wear-out while it is operating in
   standard control mode.  © 2020, Springer Nature Switzerland AG.
DE extreme edge ai; microcontroller; neural network-based control algorithms;
   on-device training; self-adaptation; tinyml
ID adaptive control systems; controllers; dc motors; electric machine control;
   neural networks; permanent magnets; random access storage; three term
   control systems; dc motors; extreme edge ai; motor characteristics; network-
   based controllers; neural network-based control; neural network-based
   control algorithm; neural networks; on-device training; self- adaptations;
   tinyml; microcontrollers

---

UT 1116
AR Lulec SZ, 2020, IEEE SOLID STATE CIRC MAG, V12, P51, DOI
   10.1109/MSSC.2020.3001885
TI IEEE SSCS and tiny ML Hold First Young Professionals Webinar [Chapters]
AU Lulec SZ; Loke A; Guo X; Lei K-M; Wei P-H; Mirabbasi S; Altvater A;
   Rodriguez K
TC 0
SO IEEE SOLID STATE CIRC MAG
PY 2020
AB [No abstract available]

---

